Comment: Xhaka used to do a lot of the progressive passing into the box.
Comment: I swear a lot has to do with their formation when in possession. They have like a 3-3-4 at times and only overlap ever on the right side. Makes them very one dimensional and they don’t really gain anything because of it.
Comment: Arteta has a stubborn streak. When we lose, we lose in bunches until he changes. Usually takes about 3 games.
Comment: They really miss Granit Xhaka linking defense and attack. He was a double pivot and an 8 on the left side and no one’s really filling that role well now
Comment: I've had enough football for one year.
Comment: All their attacking players dropped form at the same time. And Nketiah is so, so average. I really don’t understand what Arteta sees in him.

They’ll be back one their players pick up form and Arteta decides Trossard is better than Nketiah.
Comment: Teams have figured out the answer to plan A and there is no plan B
Comment: Sometimes we just play terribly, I believe we won’t win the league this season unless we work on our consistency and get some good signings at the transfer window
Comment: Arteta’s style of play is too slow so teams are getting better at defending against them. Easy to defend against them when there’s too much rigidity and no fluidity in their play.
Comment: Some of you are so incredibly reactionary
Comment: Fulham’s formation is compact and parking the bus and Arsenal is attacking from wide. They have got to try to draw Fulham into their own half instead of getting possession stats. I have a feeling the more Arsenal attacks from wingers the more comfortable Fulham is going to be…
Comment: I’ve only really watched them when we played them (we’ve beaten them both of the times we’ve played them this season).  My impression is that they are very predictable tactically.

If you are disciplined against them you can just let them play in front of you for long periods.  Apart from Ødegaard they lack anyone who is going to open up a defence by doing anything really special or unexpected and the lack of a proper centre forward means they can’t mix things up by throwing the odd ball into the box.  We’ve defended deep within the width of the box and stifled them, and when we’ve forced them wide the crosses have not been much of a threat.  

It’s possible to create chances against them because they leave space for you to attack as only the centre backs plus Rice seem interested in doing any of the dirty work of defending.  If you take your chances they are beatable. 

It’s the way of the world in top-level sport that even good coaches get ‘found out’ a bit.  The best ones find a way to adapt and change as Pep and Klopp have done several times over the years.  We’ll see whether Arteta can do the same.
Comment: They always try to walk it in
Comment: Teams have caught on, just park the bus in the middle of the 18 area and Arsenal will spend 90 minutes passing the ball around the perimeter instead of the wings CROSSING THE DAMN BALL INTO THE BOX.

Fuck!
Comment: Arteta simply isn’t able to adapt his tactics in games.
Comment: Clearly the pitch was too wet.
Comment: No decent striker. FULL STOP
Comment: Looks like we're back to where our midseason form is asscheeks all over again. I'm hoping not, though
Comment: The snarky comments here about Arsenal are actually distracting from the fact that Fulham have good game plans. Jimenez’s return hasn’t hurt either.
Comment: They have a good manager. But he’s overthought this season. It wasn’t rocket science.

They just needed to plug and play Rice. Instead he fiddled, brought in a player like Havertz who isn’t the player to get you over the hump, and moved him around initially. Remember the Partey RB experiment too. Ugly but got away with it, much like Raya’s multiple wobbles.

Relied too much on Saka and Martinelli the past 2 years and now they seem to be feeling it.

Jesus isn’t a proper striker. Neither is Havertz. Nketiah is Nicolas Jackson level with less to his game linking play. Another issue not addressed. 

He’s messed in the wrong places. GK wasn’t the issue. Havertz wasn’t needed. 

They needed a backup for Partey and Rice after Xhaka left. Didn’t address.

Timber injury unfortunate, but needed another fullback anyway. Now even more evident. Timber not a proper fullback anyway.

He got too cute, they managed some bad performances earlier in the season. Now they aren’t. 

Sign Toney in January as priority. Then a back up midfielder and a full back. 

Play ESR or sell him and Nelson and bring someone in who can actually start games and give Saka and Martinelli a break.

If I was an Arsenal fan I’d be happy because it’s fixable everywhere. But frustrated and unhappy when like last January most of it doesn’t get resolved adequately. 

2 cents.

Comment: They'd all-but lost when everyone started to leave.

Regardless, have you ever been to a game? I've been up and down the country to watch Chelsea, and some stadiums in particular are an absolute nightmare to get home from. The Emirates is one of those.

They paid their money and have shown their support. They can leave whenever they want to.
Comment: Tbf they disappear as quick as our title challenge
Comment: as a tottenham season ticket holder i cant stand to defend arsenal fans, but actually find it so annoying when fans who watch on tv try and criticise. Footballs fucking expensive and tiring, let people watch it how they want
Comment: Stadiums are empty everywhere we go 🎶
Comment: I pointed this out when they played Bayern last week. Match was tied and the stands were emptying in the 85 min. I thought it was pretty crazy. Biggest game of their season and people were leaving when they still had a chance to win.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: *opens comments*

*sips coffee*

 it’s a good day to be a mid table club
Comment: Typical Arsenal fans. Worst in the league.
Comment: United had more people in the stadium when we were getting whooped at Old Trafford by Liverpool lol
Comment: Granit Xhaka winning the German Bundesliga the same day it looks like Arsenal have bottled the league is some irony. 
Comment:  I remember one of the last games before Covid hit and the first I’ve ever witnessed live was a FA Cup knockout round tie at Tottenham vs Norwich. I had two mates one a spurs and the other a Norwich fan and they got me along. I was sat with my Norwich mate in the away end and it looked like spurs would comfortably beat Norwich.

There was a couple of old odd Norfolk geezers who specially came from the mideastlands going wild in the stands next to us they were absolutely rowdy even though they were losing early on in the game. But the moment spurs nearly scored and double their lead they decided they couldn’t take it anymore and bailed off for the exits.

Little did those fellas know that Norwich would few minutes later equalise and the game would go on to penalties with Tim Krul being the hero who would make the saves to knock out spurs at their new stadium.

I’ll never forget that moment but it’s a testament to the sport and how anything can happen even when the chips are down.
Comment: Never leave till the end. You never know what could happen and that’s the beauty of football
Comment: Watching on TV all you could hear in the first half was the Villa fans singing.
Comment: North London ~~forever~~ when we’re winning.
Comment: TBH i am kind of sick by Liverpool and Arsenal fans here on reddit ... Theres plenty of matches before season end, its not over yet, sure its not in your hands anymore, but come on. Both teams are playing amazingly, especially Arsenal has still chance in CL ... this is like the worst time to turn against your club.
Comment: If you charge ridiculous prices for tickets you can’t be surprised when the people who buy them aren’t exactly the most committed individuals.
Comment: Shameful, only support them when they're winning.
Comment: Irrespective of the team, I hate when the fans pile out. I was at Coventry the other week and the home fans I had smuggled in alongside (even while they were winning) were filtering out around 85 mins. 

For Arsenal’s ground to look half-empty at 90+8 was astonishing though, and speaks to a real entitlement.
Comment: Arsenal fans are always too high, too low. So they’ll think they’re winning the lot 20games into the season then when they lose a big game like this it’s all over
Comment: It’s always so apparent that people on here have never had to fight tens of thousands of people to get on the tube/train/buses after a match… if you’re playing like shit with no chance of getting back into the game, missing 5 minutes of shite football to get home an hour earlier is a reasonable choice to make

Comment: The term “bottle” just seems to mean “didn’t quite win a tight race” to some folk. For me it will always be a reference to throwing away an unassailable seeming lead in something. 3-0 up and lose 4-3, sounds like a bottle. 9 points clear with 6 to play and don’t win the title, bottle. Not winning every single league game in a calendar year isn’t a bottle.

I’m not in charge of language so I don’t know who’s right, but bantz aside, not sure how Arsenal could be said to have bottled anything.
Comment: If you listen to these pundits and fans, there is only ‘win’ and ‘bottle’. No other options.
Comment: City won 51/54 points in the run-in, Arsenal got 49/54

That’s how insane this City team was.

All jokes aside, Arsenal nor Liverpool bottled the title in the way some of these rival fans have said.
Comment: Between December 9th and 31st, Arsenal played 5 league games and got 4 points. That's what lost them the league.
Comment: they were brilliant for pretty much the entire season. they can hold their heads up high. imo it is a matter of when not if they win the league. they might just have to wait for a certain baldy to retire first
Comment: People troll Arsenal because they actually have fans unlike Man City
Comment: Speaking as a Liverpool supporter who’s had to suffer through this same fate not once but twice, Arsenal should hold their heads high today. There was no bottling here - they have been magnificent this season, particularly in 2024, and they should be enormously proud of what they’ve achieved.
Comment: # Burnley didn't lose the title, city won it.
Comment: I hate Arsenal and Arteta but they didn't bottle it. They were consistently excellent to the end, City were just a little bit better. Bottling is what we did this season and Arsenal did last season. Credit to Arsenal for a very strong season.
Comment: It's insane to see how little perspective people have in this day and age. We won 28 league games this season, a record for our club. And some people (including of all people Spurs fans) want to call us bottle jobs.

Let's call this what it is. A lot of people who don't support city have started supporting them by proxy because they know as a team city are head and shoulders above the rest. It pains them to see Arsenal challenge because it reminds them their team is nowhere near that level. Literally the only exception is Liverpool. No other team has contended. And it stings. 

I would much rather take one of the best teams in history to the final day than revel in mediocrity than *a lot* of folks seem to be happy with. Seeing teams chant "Are you watching Arsenal" as their team lose to city... you're basically a bunch of cucks.
Comment: If it weren't for the 8 point deduction we would've definitely gotten another 44 and held city off
Comment: I wouldn’t worry about it. The more hate you get, means you are doing things right. Klopp may be one of the best examples. Everyone around the league absolutely loved him, till they started winning games and eventually trophies and basically until he announced his retirement remained very hated. 

It was a fantastic season and I enjoyed the ride, even if we didn’t get the trophy. We move to next year knowing we took another step in the right direction this season.
Comment: The reality is online football fans are morons. They just don’t like seeing us happy even though we didn’t win the title.

We are disappointed obviously, but proud of our team - people would rather see us fuming and crying
Comment: City didn't win the title, they bought it and I can tell you 115 reasons why that is true
Comment: 115
Comment: 115 charges
Comment: Tbf Arsenal fans are a nightmare and have been giving every other team’s fans shit all season
Comment: The people saying Arsenal bottled the league have absolutely no idea what “bottling” really is
Comment: Arsenal didn’t lose the title, $ity bought it.
Comment: I think it’s funny how fans are twisting it to how they stopped Arsenal by taking points from us or how another team took points off us back in the first half of the season.

Shows the level of thinking on Reddit.

Comment: Arsenal are allergic to ham it seems !
Comment: Is it something like 11 points dropped in the last 5? For a team in a title race that's pretty concerning, especially taking the lead today.
Comment: Arsenal in 4th place. Nature is healing itself
Comment: Gunners didn't play well. Showed no edge or creativity. Fulham deserved the win (Arsenal fan).
Comment: The last 2 games have been 2 of the most frustrating, most infuriating games I’ve seen in years. We were absolutely terrible, so bad that I could not imagine a single way that we could score.
Comment: Won against City for nothing
Comment: They were top at Christmas, they'll always have that.
Comment: We deserved to lose. There is no fluidity and all the passes are backwards. Unless we get a striker who could give us another dimension in attacks, we don’t stand a chance in the title race.

I am not sure about Toney’s fitness, but I would bet my money on him.
Comment: Raul Jimenez & Edson Alvarez 🇲🇽 
Crushing Arsenal fans hopes and dreams .
Comment: Fulham brace yourself for brigading
Comment: Can't put AFTV on, too busy watching The United Stand
Comment: Didn’t watch the game, how did the Reffing World Order screw over Arteta’s brave boys this time?
Comment: Bit early for their drop off, was expecting them to make it to at least Feb. Liverpool only team that can compete with City still
Comment: Fulham deserved it, shit happens, we’re still in the mix. Just about but still, all isn’t lost yet.
Comment: Arsenal are the gift that keeps on giving their fans write checks their team cannot cash
Comment: Arsenal usually this in February. Just getting it over with early
Comment: Yea welp ... reactionary media/fans going overload ... i hate this culture so much tbh. Its all black or white. 

At times it feels like ppl are more likely to chase/search for those negatives rather then positives. Be it with their team or their rivals. Negative emotions sells.
Comment: I’m not an arsenal fan so don’t watch them every game but when i do watch them and they are struggling they always seem to never want to change their way of trying to score, even when teams have 11 men behind the ball they think they can just walk the ball into the goal, every player they bring on as sub seems to be the same type of player that they already have so the strength in depth isn’t that great. Thats just my opinion anyway
Comment: City won the title this weekend.

  
KDB is coming back soon. He's going to start bouncing the ball in off Frankenstein's massive face and that's all she wrote.

  
Liverpool and Arsenal needed to establish a lead. They didn't. So it goes.
Comment: Arsenal fans are single-handedly the whiniest football fans in the Premiership

Comment: I dreamed for a defence like this as a child. Arsenal’s best defence since the invincibles and it’s not close. Saliba, Gabriel and White are titans. We just need to find an equivalent for LB. Hopefully we already have them.
Comment: Look how offended people are 🤣
Comment: What's crazy is that he's missed like 5 games and has still won it so convincingly
Comment: I love that nobody ever quibbled about the criteria for the Golden Glove, but now that Raya won it, everyone wants to change the format LMAO
Comment: People really failing to understand what the golden glove represents. 




The Golden Glove isn't an award to say "This is the best keeper in the league" it's just a way to reward the player with the most clean sheets in the league. 


Similar to how the Golden Boot is only awarded to the player with the most goals in the season. They won't always be the best forward.  



This award hasn't been given to Raya because he's the best keeper in the league. He just statistically has the most clean sheets throughout the season. That's all this reward represents. People trying to claim otherwise are just wrong.
Comment: I feel a lot of people underrate Raya and how well suited he is for Arsenal.

He is not the best shot stopper in the league but he is the best at claiming crosses with the highest percentage of claimed crosses out of all of Europe’s top 5 leagues.

When hearing this stat alone, you might think ‘so what?’. But here’s why that’s so perfect for Arsenal.

Arsenal don’t actually concede that many shots. I even think there was a spell of 5 games in February where he only faced 3 shots on target in 5 games including a match Vs Liverpool. 2 of those shots on target were extremely tame efforts that you or I could have saved. This is largely down to Arsenal’s defensive shape that doesn’t allow for many shots on target. Another example would be Erling Haaland having 0 shots on target in the 2 league matches and even in the community shield. That’s 4+ hours of football. Because Arsenal defend very compact and very well, this forces teams outwide and to cross the ball more than average as they can’t break through the middle.

A tldr of that paragraph is that Arsenal face the least shots on target in the league but do face a lot of crosses. This means they need a keeper who is an excellent cross stopper and his shot stopping is almost secondary. That is David Raya
Comment: Individual fingers from the Golden Glove award will be ripped off and shared with Saliba, Gabriel, Rice, and White. Let’s be real - they’re majorly responsible for why Raya won it.
Comment: So many people here not understanding how this award is won 🤦
Comment: Football fans 2023: Arteta signing Raya when he already has Ramsdale is fucking dumb.

Football fans 2024: Raya doesn't deserve the Golden Glove Award, he's not the best keeper in the league.
Comment: I love our defense, would Ramsdale have received this award? Some reason i don’t think so, Raya helped the back line as much as the back line helped him
Comment: I'm arsenal, and an ex-goalkeeper. The Golden Gloves is the worst criteria for a goalkeeping prize. It just does not correlate with performance.
Comment: First time awarded to a Loaned keeper??
Comment: This always makes me thibk there should be a shut out award for defenders who keep the most cleansheets as well. Yes you will get more joint winners and theres an assessment to be done on how you weight the time on the pitch towards it, but there should be something for defenders to aim for.
Comment: People really disrespect Raya here in my opinion he has been really good and while i agree our defence has also played part in our perforamnces Raya was still pretty great so stop the slack and just accept the fact he won
Comment: Wow, people are surprisingly salty about him winning it.
Comment: Very impressive for a flop, wondered why the media have been so quiet about the "Ramsdale vs Raya, what was Arteta thinking??!?" debate for a while.
Comment: Should I say, well deserved?

Sure he deserves it.. Cause no one actually thought that a GK from Arsenal is going to win the Golden Glove since Cech 8 years ago..
Comment: Arsenals CBs  deserve golden glove
Comment: congratulations to gabriel and saliba.
Comment: Raya should hand this award immediately over to Saliba, Gabriel and White. 

Such a stupid award really, rewarding solely a keeper for a good defensive record. 

Comment: Lmao the spurs kids here are trying so hard to push the bottling narrative. If anything you lot bottled 4th place after being top of the league till November.
Comment: Man City have been relegated twice.
Comment: Arsenal have won the league 13 times. Football didn't start in 1992
Comment: Nobody gives a fuck about 115 fc. Pipe down city fans.
Comment: > This is also the 4th highest points total without winning the league since the prem started... All 4 lost to City...

It's insane what we're all up against. KDB and Haaland were out for a significant chunk of games, didn't matter.
Comment: At this point I'll just enjoy having this team, with our young manager we are second after the genius pep and his billion dollars worth of a team. There's a huge pride in that, and we'll have a go at it again next season. Bottlers or not, I really love this team!
Comment: Nothing bad about being consistently 2nd, better than consistently 3rd to 5th . Especially without any financial doping.
Comment: Arsenal have 13 titles, 3 of which have come after the league rebranded itself as the Premier League
Comment: My way too early next year table prediction:

1 City

2 Arsenal

3 Chelsea

4 Liverpool
Comment: Ngl, would love to see the stats on all time top flight 

This where we’re expecting Arsenal or Chelsea or Man United and it ends up being like Stevenage or some random club we’d never expect
Comment: Can Arsenal stop putting the Carabao and FA cup in the bin and not go for it. Nobody on that team has won anything, get a trophy first so they can get that feeling
Comment: Is this stat really worth keeping
Comment: Who starts the record keeping at 1991 or whatever . Weird
Comment: Finishing 2nd means you are the first loser.
Comment: Nice, would they be getting a trophy for that?
Comment: We just throwing away the previous 100 years?
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Hahahaha
Comment: 4 years no trophy. What an achievement
Comment: It’s funny after such a great season for Arsenal, Liverpool ended up having a more successful one lol

Comment: I for one am happy WHU didn't get impatient and sack moyes after a poor run last season
Comment: Well done, congrats, and thank you West Ham.
Comment: My balls are empty
Comment: We’re HUGE
Comment: Thank you David, very cool!
Comment: Moyes ball
Comment: My ugly crying face went to a crying face with a smile. North London in the mud
Comment: West Ham has been getting better every year
Comment: One of those weird results that will happen over the course of a season. Issue is they very very very rarely happen to Guardiola teams, so any loss of this type feels devastating if you're going for the title. As an LFC fan who doesn't always watch Arsenal, main thing I took away from that game was how incredibly good Odegaard is. What a skillful and tidy little player. Kudos looks fantastic too. Both players look after the ball so well
Comment: I thought arsenal fans were pretty pathetic for leaving the stadium with 10min to go. How can the team win anything when the fans don’t believe in them? I guess in my mind would make sense if arsenal were 10th on the table, but they are in a title race. Thoughts?
Comment: Jesus is not that guy for Arsenal. They need a full on striker asap
Comment: What’s worse? The curse of being top at Christmas or the curse of being top at New Year?
Comment: MASSIVE
Comment: The one time I put money on Arsenal to win or draw. . . They go and f*ck up at home. 

You had one Job!
Comment: Arsenals attack genuinely looks as bad as ours this year, now defensively they are WAY clear of us hence the ginormous gap
Comment: Bit of a tricky fixture Vs West Ham
Comment: That's so Spursy of them.
Comment: North London is brown tonight
Comment: Kudus…what a signing.
Comment: At least all this delusion about mythical title race will end and I can watch games in peace with realistic goals.

Comment: Sure. People overreact to everything though, it’s just your turn this week.
Comment: Aside from banter the only people realistically saying arsenal's chances are gone are basing that opinion on city's ability to win all their games and not arsenal's inability to win theirs.
Comment: Regardless of the result , No one club can be tamed a bottle job because of such narrow margins. This is a 3 legged race in the first place.
Comment: City have set the standards so high you have to be perfect to win the title.
Comment: Whilst City have a habit of going on winning runs it is not out of the realms of possibility that they will drop points. Arsenal must capitalise on that. This just means there is very little margin for error. They can easily go on another winning streak.
Comment: Man Villa are top 4.. it’s not like we lost to bloody Sheffield. The term bottlers is used by people that support clubs that haven’t won anything ever 😂
Comment: Most people on here are on the wind up I wouldn’t let it bother you lol.
Comment: This is something Liverpool fans have faced every season we finished 90+ points and exactly a point behind City. Even 99 points weren't enough at one point.
Comment: Arsenal fans are strange - will dish it out non stop for the whole season but the moment they get bantered it’s the end of the world and everyone is against them 😂
Comment: Unfortunately Guardiola’s Man City have raised the bar so much that you basically can’t afford to drop any points in the run in. Bottlejobs might be a bit harsh, but I guess everyone who doesn’t end top are bottle jobs in a sense.
Comment: Nah Arsenal fans want all the validation from doing good, but hate all the expectations

Dont say youre the best when the players dont do it
Comment: I think a lot of this comes down to Arsenal fans overreacting to every other game and making this “their season” (yes, Liverpool fans are guilty of this too)

That being said, if Arsenal don’t win it this season, I, personally, won’t consider them bottlejobs. To bottle the league you have to be ahead by a decent points margin. That’s something no team has done this season. Arsenal did it last season being 8-10 points ahead. (Yes, the same applied to Liverpool too)

Also, you’re right that you need to win every single game because that’s just how the league goes these days. As Liverpool fans, we know it all too well.
Comment: Massively. Arsenal, as much as I hate to say it, are brilliant. It’s always tough coming off a European night, which I know they both did. But Villa are a great side in their own right. One of them things.
Comment: It’s the exact kind of game that is the difference in a title race. At home to a top team. 

If you’re champions, you win games that matter, when they matter. 

If you’re just a challenger then yes, this is how it goes. In a game you need to win, you can’t perform at the level needed. 

What will really show whether they have it in them is whether they can continue to put the pressure on or whether they fall apart, as Liverpool seem like they’re doing.
Comment: I mean last year was definitely bottling it considering who the loses were to. However, losing a single match against a team in the top four after going on a great streak is hardly bottling it. That's just the reality of playing a full season without insane squad depth thanks to financial steroids.
Comment: "Bottle job," like many other hyperboles, is basically meaningless in the modern internet. To finish ahead of City on points, Arsenal had to go 17-1-0 or 18-0-0, a run like that's only been done twice: 2017-18 City and 2019-20 Liverpool. Ridiculous to call not meeting that expectation "bottling."
Comment: People still just talking about Arsenal and not Villa, like Arsenal lost to themselves. It’s almost like listening to the way the tv announcers ignore us week after week for having the temerity to f up their precious “big 6” party. It’s been a great year, especially after being laughed at last year when I (and others) told people that we would be doing this this year. #UTFV
Comment: Is it 31 points from the previous 36?

If we don’t win the league it will be because of the back to back losses vs Fulham and West Ham not a loss vs Villa
Comment: The overreaction is because when you are in title race with Manchester C115ty, you know you can't afford to drop points anywhere, so every result where you don't win feels monumental.

I imagine Liverpool fans feel the same, but because it's Arsenal everyone has to have their input.
Comment: I'm proud of my team. That is all.

Comment: The energy change between this and the Liverpool comments is a hilarious
Comment: Arteta will probably get fined dearly for this. But a huge respect for what he is doing. Someone needs to take a stand against this monopoly of poor (or crooked) refereeing.

The big picture here is to take a stand against consistent refereeing errors, instead of fighting about points needed to be redistributed in a match.
Comment: If a referee officiates a match in Saudi or receives money from the Saudis they should not be allowed to referee in the premiership. Then the choice is theirs.

The downside to this is that you may end up losing your best referees to Saudi and we get the second tier referees in the premiership. Thus leading to more mistakes.
Comment: Incredibly tinpot. A team challenging for the league should be asking themselves why they only had one shot on target more than anything else.
Comment: "They are trying to make the best decisions. We need to understand that mistakes happen" - Mikel Arteta 06/10/2023

"It's embarrassing, it's a disgrace. That's what it is, a disgrace" - Mikel Arteta 05/11/2023

What a difference a month makes.
Comment: Fuck the PGMOL, pay refs enough to make it an appealing career in and of itself, and hold everyone accountable for Christ's sake. It shouldn't be this hard to do right. Arsenal got fucked, Wolves got fucked, Liverpool got fucked, just to name a few. It bonkers. Gut the system as it stands because it sucks.
Comment: So what's this in protest of? The goal? Or both the red cards that should have been given?
Comment: This whole thread is just a coyscirclejerk 🤣
Comment: I don't get why more people aren't pushing for improvements from the referees. It'll come around to everyone's club at some point and then they'll want something done about the state of officiating but because it's arsenal or Liverpool it's just a joke
Comment: Ppl on this sub. What a joke. Trying to make it about a club and completely ignoring the huge error’s refs have been making for the last few seasons that are costing points. You’d think everyone would want better decision making but some ppl can’t get their head out of their own ass.
Comment: If Arsenal were denied the opportunity to win the game, I'd understand. But they had 1 shot on target and 0.5 xg. 

This just feels like kicking up a fuss to divert attention away from the mediocre performance.
Comment: Good, double down on the fuckers.
Comment: I think we can all agree that this is just getting very embarrassing for Arsenal now
Comment: I stand by Arteta and I’m no fan of Arsenal but respect them by backing him too. The standard of VAR is so poor that the game has actually gone backwards and not forward as promised. Ridiculous calls, poor decisions, feeling aggrieved, these still remain part of the game but are 100x worse because every decision takes 5 minutes and it’s still not guaranteed to be right. You also can’t celebrate a goal anymore. That simple pleasure of the game has been removed entirely
Comment:  More clubs needs to join Arsenal and demand for a revolution in the var protocol.
Comment: We tried to do this a month ago and got told by Arteta that "referees will make mistakes, they're only human". Funny, that.

Anyway, glad another club is taking a stand no matter the motivation. The standard of refereeing is in the ninth circle of hell.

Edit: apparently Arteta didn't say that and was on our side at the time. Nice one Mikel.
Comment: That is utterly pathetic from Arsenal. My god.
Comment: VAR was correct. Arsenal need to grow up and accept the loss.
Comment: Good Lord, get over it. Arteta didn’t care on October 6th with Liverpool.
Comment: Lol it's more of a Spurs vs Pool fight going on here in the comments.

Comment: The whole Narrative Pre-Match was that if Arsenal lose the title could be out of reach.

Then once we win its 'just three points'

What an absolute hypocrite.
Comment: Even as a Liverpool supporter it’s not possible for me to care any less how Arsenal celebrates the win. They won. Get a clown for magic tricks and a pony for rides  Catering? Why not. Don’t care. Good match. Thanks for kicking our asses.
Comment: I agree, the worst it's been was when Neville was commenting the NLD and saka scored the pen and Neville says something like "you wonder if they're just starting to over celebrate" spurs score 2 mins later and celebrate very hardly (and for good reason) and Neville says "look at the celebrations, this is what footballs all abt" it was honestly so cringe
Comment: Agree. It’s a bit weird all of this Karma chat. Massive day for Arsenal and they outplayed the league leaders. (And I am a Liverpool fan).

It will calm down tomorrow when it is a 3 way logjam at the top and everyone realises what a special 3 months that we have ahead. 

Could be the greatest premier league ever. Seriously.
Comment: I hate arsenal but why the fuck wouldn't you celebrate beating the top team in the league lol?

Especially when it's a victory that brings you within striking distance of securing top of the table yourself.
Comment: Arteta running down the touchline acting like Jose Mourinho made me laugh tbf
Comment: I’m a Liverpool fan and the celebration made sense. They’re celebrating winning a big game which, yea, it doesn’t mean they won the league but it sure as fuck means they didn’t lose it (at an 8 point gap).
Comment: I hate Arsenal with a true passion but there was absolutely nothing wrong with their celebration. Who wouldn’t be ecstatic beating Liverpool right now, let teams celebrate man, the “strictly business” shit is so overplayed imo
Comment: I support Liverpool but Arsenal earned every bit of their celebration
Comment: I have to agree that there’s no reason Arsenal, its players, its coaches, and its fans should be criticized for celebrating today. It was a massive result and something I dearly miss as a Chelsea fan.
Comment: Got no problem with arsenal celebration the way they did , they gave everything , played every trick in the book and tactically outclassed us in both halves . 

I think their passion was actually refreshing to see in a league that was getting rather monotonous .

They were the deserving winners , there are still many more games to go and I believe this setback will be only minor to Liverpool and we will bounce back .
Comment: Of course Arsenal should celebrate. They've propelled themselves back into the title race and they (finally) thumped us after all these years in Klopps final match at the Emirates. It is what it is. I was briefly annoyed when I thought he was celebrating at our players, but I realized from the replay that he was actually running back to his own bench.
Comment: Nooooo!!! Arsenal, stop over celebrating!! You're going to make Gary Neville and Jamie Carragher cry!!!
Comment: Celebrating is just a good release of tension built up...I'd sooner watch Arteta or Kloppy doing laps and leaping than watching some glum manager not even blink on winning.
Comment: The celebration is an equal/opposite reaction to the feelings of sadness and disappointment they would have felt had the result gone the other way.

And if they had lost then their title challenge is done. They'd have been broken.

As it is, they are back in the race, so of course they are over the moon.

&#x200B;

The Celebration Police are the dumbest fuckers in football.
Comment: I will be really upset if MA didn't celebrate the way he did. I will have it no other way. Subdued celebrations is NOT for MA
Comment: Any premier league win can be heartily celebrated. It’s such a tough league
Comment: Arsenal fans shouldn’t give one single fu k what others think about how they celebrate a win. End off.
Comment: I don't think this is strictly an Arsenal thing. Fans of the top 6 always find a way to belittle other top 6 team's achievements. Like when Utd won the Carabao Cup last season, saw loads of people describe it as "they're celebrating like they won the Champions League" or "it's only a mickey mouse cup".
Comment: Everyone gives everyone shit for everything, that’s half the fun of football

Comment: “  I’ve had to sit & watch people celebrate a man who ruined my life, raped me and then tried to push me down a flight of stairs. his club knew, knew about allegations of attempted rape against other women & exactly what he did to me and told me they can’t do anything as I’m over 18

I fought as hard as I could. I did everything right. I went to the police. I reported it to the embassy. I gave my phone up for evidence even though I didn’t have to all for a legal technicality to ruin it all I was brave. Which means the other girl who can forward has a chance'

I could’ve lived my life 6 figures richer but I couldn’t live with the guilt of knowing that he might get away with this and people wouldn’t know the type of monster he is. I can’t live my life knowing I didn’t do what I could to speak out. I was brave. I can’t do this now.

Why don’t rape victims come forward” look at the way people have treated me. this is why I can’t keep living like this. I did nothing but trust the man I was dating wouldn’t take advantage of my unconscious body until I woke up sore and bleeding the next day.  “ — One Of His Multiple Accusers 

I watch every Arsenal game with my daughter. She’s 5. She looks up to the players. Wants to be like them. Wears a kit. Plays football in the garden with me and pretends to be the players. And every time I see Partey in that kit, as a role model for my girl, I feel sick. I wish it wasn’t Timber that had a season ender in GW1
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: And he won’t take no for an answer.
Comment: Getafes new midfielder
Comment: thank fuck
Comment: on mutual consent?
Comment: Will he quit raping this summer?
Comment: Was it "mutual consent"?
Comment: I’m sure the more decent Arsenal fans will be breathing a sigh of relief once he’s gone.
Comment: Good. It’s an embarrassment every time he suits up for the club.
Comment: So Arsenal will finally partey ways with him huh
Comment: Will he quit assaulting women too?
Comment: Good riddance
Comment: It really took him wanting to move on for Arsenal to stop playing the rapist... smh
Comment: Is he going to focus on his rapping career?
Comment: Hide ya kids, hide ya wives…
Comment: Newcastle will be sweating that Bruno G release clause if Arsenal get anywhere near decent money for him.
Comment: Its time for Arsenal to move on.

But you cant just buy quality like that. In form, he is just behind rice and rodri in the pl.
Comment: Lets go!!
Comment: Good get this shitter out

Comment: If city wins, it feels like your team didn’t lose. that’s about it.
Comment: Arsenal have fans. If we had won the league we literally wouldn't shut up about it. City don't have many fans so it barely matters if they win. It's like the npc won.
Comment: Cause we'd be insufferable all summer
Comment: I don't know a single City fan so them winning has no affect on me.

I know a lot of Arsenal fans who are suddenly heavily invested in football again and piping up after being quiet for years.
Comment: Everyone knows arsenal fans IRL so there’s banter there when they don’t win, who actually knows a genuine city fan?
Comment: Arsenal have rivals. City kinda dont.
Comment: Posts like this, since the season finished, are making it easy to spot foreign fans and people who have only just started watching football recently.

> At least to me, their run is almost like a fairytale. It's a project coming to fruition, a club previously in meltdown being miraculously turned around by a former player turned manager. And for the 2nd year running, going toe-to-toe against one of greatest premier league sides ever assembled. That’s what football is about.

I'm an Arsenal fan, but come on man, it's not a fairytale at all. Arsenal along with the other big 6 clubs are the only clubs that can financially compete at the very top of the table nowadays. It's not *too* surprising that after significant investment under the right manager, we are now challenging again. 

Most neutrals don't care who wins the league. Any fans in London more than likely don't want Arsenal to win a league, for example. Man United fans would probably rather City win another league than Arsenal win and get back on top. 

Additionally, what I think many people miss, is that modern-day Arsenal is seen as a very pompous and middle/upper class club, that's something that's very hard to get behind for the neutral. It's easier for neutrals and other fans to "like" Liverpool because their PR for being an "underdog" is better - Liverpool football club is also based in a historically deprived area, so they've always been seen as the club that is punching up, even though they're one of the richest in world football.

Arsenal just isn't a very likable club if you haven't been raised as a Gooner, but I don't care.
Comment: Go watch AFTV and you’ll see why everyone hates us. Those guys ruined people’s perception of our fan base with stupid reactionary takes and being too cocky for our own good 😭
Comment: Arsenal have rivals, city do not. Think of it like gambling. Arsenal winning the league it’s like having the person next to you win a huge amount of money. You can think “Oh good for them. But that should be me. I’m upset they won and I did not”. City winning is as if the house won the hand. Nobody cares. Nobody will think about it once they get up from the table.
Comment: City wins, then it's just another day in the park.

Arsenal win, it immediately shines a huge spotlight on their own club's failings and shortcomings.
Comment: How do so many people really not get it?! 😂

Football is tribal, Arsenal winning the league gives them bragging rights over all the other top 6 clubs. 

City have won it 6 out of the last 7 years, them winning it is meaningless to fans of other clubs at this point.
Comment: Believe me, I am not fucking happy that City won another title. I am quite relieved that someone else now knows how it feels to lose the league on the final day by a ballhair. I honestly quite like Arsenal.
Comment: Pretty easy one, Arsenal fans were insufferable.
Comment: Because arsenal fans are annoying as hell and most of us have never met a city fan. Plus, no one cares if city win as everything they do is tainted.
Comment: Because nobody cares when City win it. Nobody cares what City fans say.

But if Arsenal win it? They're a real club. It's a big deal. We'd have to hear about it forever.
Comment: It’s a simple matter of there are a lot of London teams in the prem and no London team wants to see any other London team win it.
Comment: Because their fans have acted holier than thou on social media all year and deserve to be clowned. Just as my team gets clowned yearly lol
Comment: It’s simple , if city wins no one cares , it’s no great achievement , if arsenal wins it means they succeeded in the same way that their club can , so they would be pissed their club didn’t do what arsenal did , 8th 5th 2nd 1st would have been like saying spurs Chelsea united Liverpool could have done it etc
Comment: It's because Arsenal winning the league actually means something. Neutrals would have probably wanted Arsenal to win too, but I totally get why fans of rivals would rather City won.

City winning the league is meaningless. It's a plastic team that's riding off the back of a historical massive influx of cash and is currently being investigated by the PL. Nobody cares about them.
Comment: There are more rival fans of Arsenal than there are fans of City, by a lot.

Comment: I don’t think anyone can outlast City so I’ll have to say no
Comment: They’ve got off to an excellent start, but it’s a long old season…
Comment: Didn't Mourinho say something like "doesn't matter how you do against top 6 teams, as long as you get 3 pts against all other teams"?

And then he won it with Chelsea
Comment: Think they’ll make top 3 but I don’t see them finishing above city
Comment: Impoasible in a League with Pep and Man City 

But Arsenal can finally qualify for Champions League.
Comment: I won't say it's impossible, because I never expected them to start this well but here we are.

Let's see where they are before the World Cup break.
Comment: Tbf as good as Arsenal look, the only game they have played vs top opposition is Man Utd and they lost that.

They play Tottenham, Liverpool and Chelsea over the next 8 games.

If they are still top of the league going into the WC break then we can have a conversation.
Comment: Even if we'd have a fantastic season, there's just no way beating that City team in 38 games. Spurs have also been scary consistent so I wouldn't rule them out.

Being at the top of the table is great and all, but I don't want my fellow Arsenal fans to think that's where we're at right now as a team and as a club.

If this team stays together, they're going to hit prime in a few years so I'm looking forward to that and in the meantime, would love to see us get top 4 every season which now in my opinion is the main target!

That being said, Leicester won it so sure this team can do it as well but we're gonna need a whole lot of bad games from City, Spurs and maybe Liverpool, Chelsea and United as well.
Comment: As an Arsenal fan, no. We don't have the depth to keep it up over a congested season and our young team will be inconsistent. It's looking like we should get a top 4 place if we keep playing like this.
Comment: Can they ? Yes . Will they ? Most likely not .
Comment: No, they’ll lose steam I think they’ll do better than Liverpool though.
Comment: I think they can get top 4 but beating City and Pep for number one spot looks impossible atm.
Comment: No, but we are on track to have our best season since 2015/16 when we got second place.  As good as this squad is, the belief in the team, and the football we’re playing, there will always be a roadblock.  If Jesus gets injured for example, our season may as well be over.  We don’t have the quality in depth like City does to compete for the entire year.  Though I do believe an FA cup win is in order for us.
Comment: It's possible but unlikely
Comment: Arsenal has had a great start to the season but I personally don’t see them winning the league this season. 

City are looking stronger than ever. It will take a hell lot for any remaining team in the league to beat them.
Comment: Gooner here but title is unrealistic as of now. 
Top 3 maybe.
Comment: Lol no. They’re schedule has been very soft, they lost to the only actual team they’ve faced.
Comment: If they get the most points then definitely
Comment: Nope. Not quite there. Strength in depth needed. Still nieve against big teams. But you never know. Michael Thomas Anfield 1989
Comment: No chance 😎

Comment: Stun? It was 4th beating 2nd, not 19th beating 2nd
Comment: Palace, who haven’t won since February, stunned today. Pretty common that a 4th place team beat the second/third placed team, wouldn’t call that stunning lmao
Comment: Title over now. City will win their remaining games, but even if they don't, I think both us and Arsenal will lose again.
Comment: Fair play to Villa. They were good. We weren’t.
City’s title to lose. Thoroughly depressing.
Comment: Bayern will put the final nail in the coffin tbh. Our mentality dies during this time of the year.
Comment: Congrats Aston Villa and Emery. Tactical masterclass tonight.
Comment: arsenal and liverpool fans went from "won our game so dc about other teams" to "praying for man city to drop points"
Comment: Arsenal probably should’ve scored in the first half, but Villa DOMINATED in the 2nd half

I can’t remember the last time someone fucked us over like that. Every single ball and battle, Villa won.

They deserved to win, Arsenal deserved to lose
Comment: What will happen if Arsenal didn't win the league this season?
Comment: the ebening was bad for arsenal.
Comment: The annual Arsenal bottling has begun. 3 years in a row.
Comment: As a fan of the team playing arsenal, when I see zinckencko playing at left back, and completely leaving the left villa right winger to his own devices so he can go and join midfield, I am so relieved.


When the opposition have the ball, he's such a weak point. Weak and can't really tackle, not great at following a man, not good in the air, not super fast.
Comment: You misspelled "beat down"
Comment: Arsenal fans love to big up King Kai, irony is if they’d signed a proper striker they would have wrapped the league up by now.
Comment: The worst part is now I also have to be retroactively upset about Liverpool losing, and at the time I kind of enjoyed it.

Aaaaarugh.
Comment: I think Aston Martin will finish top 4 now. I know Spurs have a game in hand but they have an incredibly hard run with Chelsea and Liverpool away, Arsenal and Man City. Maybe it's time that Mr Mate actually came up with a plan B instead of playing the same way every single game and expecting it to work against everyone. The definition of insanity ect.
Comment: Did the double this season. Wow.
Comment: Thanks Geoff now over to Chris kamara with the weather…*looks out of the window*
Comment: I love what I saw today.
Comment: Stun? It's April.

Comment: Ben Pink > Ben White
Comment: Tierney looks like he's tryna shout with his eyes...'Its no pink ya dick, it's fuschia!!'
Comment: That’s actually clean af
Comment: Yeah that is fucking nice.

Arsenal seem to get more than their fair share of decent kits.
Comment: I’ve always found playing in sweat pants tough
Comment: I hate to say it but that’s sick
Comment: Arsenal kits are always outstanding and it pisses me off.
Comment: Love Island FC
Comment: Looks sexy but enough about the players
Comment: Drip FC.
Comment: Love the color. Gonna buy one.
Comment: I personally love it. I’m a sucker for pink kits
Comment: Where's Bellerin?

I miss his modelling days with us.
Comment: Looks pretty clean tbh
Comment: CHAMPIONS OF KITS, YOU’LL NEVA SONG DAT
Comment: Arsenal don't mess about with their kits. always on point.
Comment: I hate how magnificent this kit looks
Comment: They got their 3rd kit. Will they get a 4th place?
Comment: What’s with the paw prints on the kit?
Comment: Pink usually goes down as a classic football shirt, like it.

Comment: And Man City keep on spending like there's not 115 charges
Comment: Source tier: written on a toilet wall in shite.
Comment: This is the worst site on the internet for transfer news .. strongly suggest to not read it. Additionally the headline is extremely click baity
Comment: I see a lot of articles around it, but no chance Newcastle let him, Gordon or Isak go easily. Even if they need money for FFP, they will be going through every other option possible before considering to move on from these 3.
Comment: There seems to be some lazy opinions in this thread, let me help to clear them up.

First one is Newcastle (I’m a Newcastle fan) don’t need £100m. Complete bollox, we need it badly. FFP has us by the balls at the moment. If we had to sell one of our best assets, it would be Bruno. Elite strikers are hard to come by, so we can’t sell Isak. On top of that, some may argue we’ve already signed Bruno’s eventual replacement in Tonali. 

This brings me to my second point. Bruno isn’t worth £100m? Jog on. Ofcourse he is, especially to us. He has carried our midfield by the scruff of the neck for the whole season and more or less acted as the engine of the team since he joined. He is world class, my personal definition of that is that he’d slot into the midfield of any top team in the world right now. 

I’d be gutted if he left us this summer, but £100m opens up a shit ton of doors for us, we could bring in 2 or 3 starting 11 players with that amount of money.
Comment: It’s absurd that any team with an active FFP charge is able to engage in transfer talks. 1 charge or 115. Doesn’t matter. Are criminals allowed to commit crimes when they’re out on bail?
Comment: I don't see it but I trust Mik.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: I can see him leaving but don’t think it’ll be to Arsenal
Comment: Piece is quoting Ben Jacobs. He seems to write a bit about us during and post takeover. Not the greatest track record TBH. 

He also seems to be the only one pushing this £80 mil+ "understanding" for Champions League clubs. 

May well exist but until an Ornstein reports it for Arsenal or one of our more reliable journos, I'm sceptical.
Comment: How would Arsenal have the PSR ability to do this? They've spent massively over the past three seasons
Comment: If he leaves, he leaves. 

We'll take the money and find someone better and solve our FFP issues at the same time
Comment: They don't need him. He's not better than Odegaard and Rice.

Out of the top 6, Spurs are the most in need of central midfield options.
Comment: I heard the other day that Arsenal are near the limit of FFP and are unable to pay his release clause. Any truth in it?
Comment: But why would Newcastle even sell one of their best players? It's not like they need any money really.
Comment: According to the press we’re going to be forced into selling Bruno, Isak and Gordon to anyone that wants them as well as any other players supposedly chosen for culling from us by other clubs all for 2 packs of crisps and a couple of pies. 

😂 not a chance in hell. 

As for Ashworth going good luck with that one too! 

We’re not a selling club and we won’t be held down or back by anyone or forced to sell or let people go on the cheap. 

GOOD LUCK!
Comment: Iwobi money mate
Comment: The same team he turned down to come to Newcastle….. 😭😂
Comment: If Arteta thinks is good for the team, then he very very likely will be. No matter how is is playing now. No other opinions needed.
Comment: Arsenal sign a striker: Impossible edition

Comment: They play great football and it’s very different from the way Pep sets teams up. Arteta didn’t just copy and paste Peps football. He’s a clever guy and deserves a lot of credit for the job he’s done.
Comment: Martin Odegaard is underrated. Today's POTM for me
Comment: Was thinking the same.  And not just because everything is beautiful compared to my Wolves.
Comment: Feel happy for Eddie, gets too disrespected.
Comment: Arsenal is legit .
Comment: It's very nice to be a fan and not dreading every game, waiting for the next big mistake that costs us goals, games, and points.
Comment: Unless you're a West ham fan 😪
Comment: And with a young core, hopefully fun to watch for years to come
Comment: Some of the play in the 2nd half was sublime

Man city having haalland means it could be a really exciting title race
Comment: All that without Arab petrodollars is cherry on top

Edit - how do I get that tiny club badge next to my name?
Comment: Even as a spurs fan. I got to respect what arteta has done to arsenal
Comment: I tried to follow their one touch passes and I swear my eyes hurt now. It’s so smooth and you just can’t predict the next pass. No wonder most teams follow just the shadows.
Comment: Arsenal is definitely one of the teams to ever play football
Comment: Ben White is incredible, I play same position and he’s been an inspiration
Comment: The lads only dropped 5 points in 15 matches, we are fire AF.
Comment: Ø's Cruyff nutmeg at the end 👌
Comment: I've been getting into football recently and I just watched the game today, its so fun to see them play. Definetly will continue to watch their games in the near future.
Comment: They are, and I absolutely HATE IT!!!
Comment: As soon as West Ham went up 1-0 I called a 3-1 Arsenal win.
Comment: Arsenal fans are literally losing their sh*t n stressing out till Saka scored !!!

As an Arsenal fan, I don't think imma last till the end of the season 😅

Comment: As Spurs fan, I can admit that every year Arsenal beats us on tshirt design. These look cool sadly :(
Comment: Honestly, this is a really really good away kit especially for arsenal. I wish I could say the same for liverpools away kit....
Comment: Ramsdale hoping no one notices him in the outfield kit so he can play in midfield again
Comment: Adidas back at it again ❤️
Comment: This is one of if not the best looking kit in recent years. The last 3 years awaykit have all been spot on 👌
Comment: Another year, another dope run of kit from Arsenal.
Comment: Brilliant kit🤤! Can never go wrong with black and gold
Comment: Ramsdale and White look like they’re walking into Love Island.
Comment: Next years United away kit
Comment: This is why Arsenal are #1 at the start of the season
Comment: CHAMPIONS OF AWAY KITS, YOU’LL NEVA SING DAT…
Comment: Arsenal has best kit designs every year.
Comment: Love it!
Comment: Kit of the year.
Comment: I like how the fucking stupid tagline has been cropped out. So much better.
Comment: Fuck these are amazing, whoever designed these deserves massive props
Comment: Something about Arsenal away kits just hit different
Comment: It sometimes feels like Arsenal are reading feedback, checking concepts and so on, as their kits usually look exactly like the fans want… ESPECIALLY THE AWAY KITS… They nail them so often
Comment: These look almost exactly like the LAFC (MLS) jerseys…
Comment: love that

Comment: [removed]
Comment: The answer is pretty much they move the ball too damn slow. There's really no reason to over think this at all..
Comment: Billy Carpenter also wrote an [extremely good (and long) piece](https://billycarpenter.substack.com/p/what-ails-arsenal) on this particular subject.
Comment: 1 win in 5 Is a huge slump they went from top to 4th in a week.
Comment: Why can’t Arsenal win every game they play? Are they stupid?
Comment: They aren’t winning as much
Comment: No urgency. Just a bunch of side passes, i hate Partey so much but we are so finished without him.
Comment: People’s expectations… until City spawned out of nowhere it was very normal for teams in the title race to not win every game.
Comment: That dog. That’s what’s behind it
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Other than the Fulham game which we were poor and 2nd half against Liverpool, we’ve played very well just have been poor converting our chances. Should have won against Villa and West Ham
Comment: Ben and Saka are playing through injuries
Comment: This narrative is really getting dragged out lol
Comment: Its not that complex. Its like no one has ever played football manager!

They have more competitions this year so players are fatigued.

They were good last year so every other team has spent more time preparing to play them and have adapted their tactics to counter Arsenals. 

They don't have a goalscorer in form. But people act like that's easy to get. Haaland cost Man City like £300 million all in and took months to negotiate. 

But it really is the European games that make a huge difference and expose squad depth problems. Its not coincidence the blip is at the point the players fatigue is at its highest.
Comment: A lot of minutes being played. Tomkins Times did a great article about how Liverpool are able to rotate heavier this season because we were god awful last year and thus aren't in the CL against stronger teams. With the EL we have been able to utilise more of the squad. 

He put a graph together of the top 25 players' minutes for City, Arsenal and Liverpool up until Christmas. The top 14 or so are Arsenal and City players. Liverpool only have 5 in the list and one of them is Becker.

For comparison: Saliba has played 800 minutes more football than Virgil. 

Newcastle are also finding out that having to compete on multiple fronts is hard and you can buy a few players to get CL football (helps if two teams like Chelsea and Liverpool are off that year) but keeping it relies on continual strengthening of the squad. 

I can't seem to put images here so here is a link:

https://substackcdn.com/image/fetch/f_auto,q_auto:good,fl_progressive:steep/https%3A%2F%2Fsubstack-post-media.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fpublic%2Fimages%2F521e0c74-6323-481c-8abb-4afa09f15d47_1966x1952.png
Comment: Lack of depth and natural striker. Arteta clearly doesn't trust the bench.
Comment: We had a squad last season that could cohesively play together well and Arteta rotated the squad more last season as well. We sold Xhaka, who was an underrated CDM and got Rice, which is an improvement but in a different way. Partey was fantastic last season but he’s been out for half the season so far. Martinelli and Jesus were both performing better last season than they are now. Odegaard had a small injury and briefly fell out of form while coming back, but he’s looked great the last few games. Havertz has been showing better form but could still be better.

The lack of rotation between games has also been a big factor I think. If you look at their lineups from EPL games last season, you can see there was more of a rotation of players in the starting lineup versus the same guys starting every single game. Players like Jorginho, Smith Rowe, and Viera had many more minutes on the field by this time last season than they do now (not discounting the latter of the two have been out with injuries lately).
Comment: Our CMs don't progress the ball as much as Partey and Xhaka could. Gabriel I love him but he doesn't seem comfortable when Zinny is off as an inverted CM. Martinelli is on a massive slump and looks shot for confidence. Our striker drops deep and plays on the wing, saka is getting double teamed and also dropped a little, Ode has started to pick back up and is trying some really nice stuff in and around the final third but we don't have a big man striker to just muscle defenders and put headers at least on target. We have players with some brilliant crossing ability they're just falling to Nketiah and Jesus
Comment: Tbh this is just normal.

We've become accustomed to teams having to post 95 points out more to win the title, which means almost no mistakes.

Prior to that, title chasing teams almost always suffered a slump or two like this.
Comment:  Tradition.

Comment: Ashamed. It’s not funny and it’s classless. The battle for justice was Herculean. It was only thanks to the tireless work of brave scousers who fought against innumerable injustices and coverups perpetrated by South Yorkshire Police that some semblance of justice was achieved. Even then some have never been brought to justice 

https://amp.theguardian.com/football/2021/may/26/hillsborough-trial-of-former-south-yorkshire-police-officers-collapses
Comment: puzzled toothbrush reminiscent doll run lush ten hunt birds sophisticated

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
Comment: They should really preface this with “Arsenal ban  own fans for tragedy chanting” we always been good at weeding out the shiyters
Comment: These aren’t true fans. Good riddance
Comment: Good. We don’t want this behaviour from the fans of our club.  We all want more of the same actions from our clubs when it faces troublesome fans like this.
Comment: Good
Comment:  Great news, more season tickets available for more civilised folk
Comment: We’re all football fans it effects us all 
The less idiots like this in the mix the better for everyone
Comment: Quite right, was at the match with my 8 year old. Shameful and abhorrent and felt disgusted that he overheard the chanting. Had to have a huge chat on the train home the next day about it all. We travelled from Edinburgh to watch his heroes and the experience was tainted by a small group of 'fans' . They should extend community service in addition to lifetime bans.
Comment: These garbage humans happen to be Arsenal fans. Ignorant rhetoric like “typical Arsenal fan” etc is unproductive. Deserved ban.
Comment: This was like 2 days ago, how is this sub late to everything
Comment: “Scum,sub human scum” to quote Alan partridge.
Comment: It's a shame people can't just focus on and enjoy the football with being absolute scumbags. 
Comment: Now find the united fans that does the same.
Comment: Just horrible. Why does football bring out the very worst in some people. They’re only banned for 3 years, imho they should be banned from attending football matches for life. We don’t need scumbags like this in our game.
Comment: I'm against changing the law to ban tragedy chanting and whatnot. I think free speech should exist because the law would easily be turned to ban valid speech. Imagine it was in place 20 years ago to ban criticism of the Iraq war because people were offended over questions of the terrorist attacks that led to it, I bet Blair and Bush would have loved that. 



I always felt this was on the clubs to deal with. It is a football 'club' after all and if you want to be part of it there are rules. Any tragedy chanting and you can't come to our games, outright ban even if it's caught outside the ground. Businesses are free to deny entry to anyone (unless protected by law), banning shit houses seems legit.



That way no one's rights are infringed, you still have free speech but not freedom from consequences.




The fact the government, known for taking too long to respond to most things, had to step in and make this law is a stain on all the clubs for not getting their shit together on this.
Comment: I like Arsenal more than most because of principles like this
Comment: Good
Comment: What did they chant
Comment: I’m a stupid American. What’s tragedy chanting?

Comment: Unless you're Haaland, you cannot possibly justify a 5 year transfer after half a season. There is always such a rush amongst armchair fans to label somebody a flop or a success after a handful of games. He's 10% into his contract, it's absurd to be offering any definitive verdict on anybody after that length of time.
Comment: Who really gives a shit. If Arsenal fans are happy with him and his contributions then all good. Does it really matter if other fans agree with it or not?
Comment: Havertz could score the winner for us at the Etihad and people would still be going on about the mf price tag
Comment: From a Liverpool fan. He’s filling in a gap considering Jesus has been injury prone this season. Good for you Gooners. If you win the title (sincerely hope not given it’s Klopp’s final year), that transfer would be vindicated. 
Solid manager, young team, you’ll go well if you keep this up 👍
Comment: From a chelsea fan every year Havertz had a good spell then always went back to being bang average I wish the lad all the best I like to see him doing well
Comment: My sibling messaged to say he thought Jesus was slowing our attack down and that Kai makes Arsenal more fluid. I'm not sure if that is the case or if its just that everyone looks great when the group is confident and playing like this.

Too early to tell but he has the chance to make a statement down the stretch, especially against City.
Comment: I think I'd still rather have Cole Palmer if I'm honest.

I think where Arsenal fans can feel vindicated is that he hasn't been a flop, but elevating him seems a bit premature. 

He had purple patches at Chelsea too. 

I think Arteta has found a role that works for him and it's one of those stories that demonstrates that he is a head coach that deserves to be at the level he is, but I'm a long way from being convinced Havertz was the best way to spend that money.
Comment: I think Arteta has really figured out where he fits best, and that’s as catalyst for the players around him. 

My perception of him at Chelsea was he had a lot of expectations to go out there and make things happen, but that just isn’t him. He’s done really well getting the ball to players like Saka/ode/martinelli. Let them be the driving force and creativity of the team.
Comment: Of course. Arsenal got the player Chelsea thought they were getting and they paid less than chelsea did lol
Comment: Too early to say he's vindicated completely but if they win the title in two months and then Havertz ends up not living up to his contract in the long run is anyone gonna actually care?
Comment: Yeah but you're never going to get people to admit they were wrong. The goalposts will just be moved. 

He enables us to play in the way that we do. He's not the best, most clinical or most aesthetic player but he's pulling his weight in a top team.
Comment: As a Chelsea fan I’m still completely satisfied with the business.
Comment: Given the market rates nowadays, his age and coming from Chelsea, the price tag was always gonna be higher than expected. Apart from him banging in goals now, it's his link up play, his tenacity in the game that are justifying his price tag. If you are expecting Havertz to be a #9, he will never live up to his price tag to you. But if you see his contribution in totality, then yes, he's justifying his price tag.
Comment: Havertz is quite a unique player, in that he doesn't seem to have a defined position. As a result, Tuchel, Potter and Lampard x 2 all tried to fit him into their own systems, with mixed results.

I think it's quite obvious that Havertz plays best with 4 atb, because the 3-4-2-1 Tuchel played was really narrow in the middle.

The issue is that following the Lukaku disaster, Havertz was thrust into the no.9 position almost by necessity. I don't think the pressure was great for him.

That being said, I think he was one of the better players at Chelsea prior to the Boehly reset. His Champions League winner is obviously his best moment.

Lots of Chelsea fans forget how desperate rival fans are to hate us. We can't afford to criticise our own players, because they are already being hounded by rival fans.

Thankfully, Arsenal are very loud and vocal fanbase, and I think it's good for a player like Havertz to have lots of those critics now behind him.

I think it's odd to compare Havertz to Palmer. I think it's kind of disrespecful, considering Havertz has not only won the Champions League but also scored the winning goal.

Overall, the reason it looks like Havertz left was largely down to wages. Boehly has completed reworked the wage structure. For comparison, our summer hirings such as Jackson (65k per week), or Palmer (75k per week) are dwarfed by Havertz commanding over £275,000 per week. And yes, I did stick the 3 0s onto the last number to make it seem larger.
Comment: Why do arsenal fans feel the need to get validation from rival fans about Havertz ? You can think he’s good as much as you want but I’m allowed to think he’s a crap donkey.
Comment: I’d say we are pretty close. Kai has been really impressive lately. Hopefully it continues
Comment: Who cares what non-Arsenal fans think of Arsenal players? Your gaffer likes him and he’s more clued up on football than any fan, in this sub or otherwise
Comment: I’m just glad Chelsea fans can’t shit on him anymore and he is out of that mess.
Comment: If you ignore the 50m and just consider he’s the same price as Mason Mount then it’s the steal of the century
Comment: I think people forget he's only 24 lol, doesn't rely on pace as he doesn't have it, has exceptionally high football/in-game IQ, he could easily have have 8-10 years in the prem and his play style is such that he should peak around late 20s early 30s. 

Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Kind of feel for West Ham here. Completely disrespecting them.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Stephen Ortega and 115 other reasons.
Comment: Yeah it's fine margins. Grats to UAE FC, deserved yet again! 👏
Comment: Im sure ederson went ballistic and destroyed the locker room after hearing that
Comment: Oil creates plastic. 

115
Comment: Imagine if Arsenal win their last match and City only gets a draw...
Comment: This sub has gone mad...looks like lot of people here are coping
Comment: Ever wonder why Forest and Everton gets charged but not City? 

54x Failure to provide accurate financial information 2009-10 to 2017-18.
• 14x Failure to provide accurate details for player and manager payments from 2009-10 to 2017-18.
• 5x Failure to comply with Uefa's rules including Financial Fair Play (FFP) 2013-14 to 2017-18.
• 7x Breaching Premier League's PSR rules 2015-16 to 2017-18.
• 35x Failure to co-operate with Premier League investigations December 2018 - Feb 2023.

And yet. They get away with it. It’s been over 15 months since the accusations came out. And it’s been dead silent with no action taking. I get it takes a while to prove them but no a good look if City win year in year out for only to them to potentially “lose” them in the future. 

I have a theory  it’s because Rishi Sunak and his government keeps protecting them for their foreign relationship with UAE. Would simply be bad for business that’s also why it’s taking so long. 

“They also say 'the Foreign Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO) in London have discussed the charges levelled at Manchester City by the Premier League'.

However, they are refusing to disclose the correspondence because it could risk the UK's relationship with the United Arab Emirates.” (gbnews.com)
Comment: Ortega did a really good job, including blocking a one v one for one of the worlds most clinical finishers the past 5 seasons or so. Everyone else is just salty bc their shitty ass team has to watch city with another title
Comment: He loves saying dramatic shit like this lol. We all know they would’ve buried 3 more in stoppage time and crushed our hopes anyways
Comment: This thread is full of rival supporters trying to cope 🤣
Comment: I’m sure he’ll get some off the books money as a bonus
Comment: Amount of cope on this sub just rocketing to record heights recently
Comment: Son………………..bro I need to talk to you after this  one lolll
Comment: West Ham now have the opportunity to do the funniest thing
Comment: 23 x 5 got you where you are. Don't forget that, Pep.
Comment: Reminds me of the Emi save
Comment: PGMOL saved your ass pep

Comment: Always a pleasure to make fun of united 😂
Comment: Dear Liverpool,

Thank you for making my weekend.

Sincerely, 

Chelsea fan.
Comment: Arse-Pool Union Remains Strong
Comment: United should have had at least two players sent off today but of course it's cos they are United. Not many more dislikeable team in the world
Comment: Liverpool is a really aggressive and fun team to watch.
Comment: My wife doesn’t care about football in the slightest but she heard me laughing at 4-nil and came and finished the match with me. Maybe she was just thought everyone takes their shirts off after scoring?! Lol
Comment: Honestly I’ve never seen so many fans join together and rip on a team and fan base after a game that has nothing to do with them. United fans have been making more noise about a title run than Arsenal or City fans combined. This was just a joy to watch
Comment: In coordination with mr Chelsea fan… 

From all arsenal fans, thank you Liverpool.

Sincerely,
Arsenal fan
Comment: Man utd humbled love to see it.
Comment: Ten Hag is a genius, one down 3 trophies left...i went back only to see they have built their unbeaten run playing minnows🤣
Comment: I wanna be mad at you and say something about living rent free but then I remember Liverpool finally won the league but their fans didn’t get to be there and makes me sleep a little better each night. Irrational hatred for rival clubs is hilarious. Makes us do the weirdest shit. You’re probably a super nice person that I would easily get along with other than the fact that we kind of hate each other. Football. Bloody hell.
Comment: Oh relax you wanker. We don’t control what the media writes. Ten hag has done his best to keep the hype away. They’ll talk about us win or lose. You could win another triplet and they’ll still be talking about Manchester United. United still has a long way to go. That little trophy will be donated to Spurs. Enjoy the win and get back in the top 4, rooting for you guys.
Comment: some truly bitter and damaged fans in this sub today
Comment: Considering I’ve been laughing of Liverpool fans from the 90s and all the way up to 2013 - I feel they deserve to laugh a little.
Comment: This thread acting as therapy for a lot of verrrryy frustrated Liverpool fans 😂 enjoy the moment, hopefully it will soften the blow of the next real Madrid result
Comment: Humbled united fans...resorting to down voting any comment they dont agree with....some one even saying we are morons. Guys u died in ur own movie
Comment: I'm just happy Chelsea is taking a break from the headlines lol 
In my ideal world would be both of you drawing 0-0 lol
Comment: I mean, the fact that we’re fairly cemented in the top 4 after last season and only a few new signings shows he’s completely turned the ship around. Even from where we were at the start of the season losing 4-0 to Brentford.

Can’t excuse the performance today but ETH has done a remarkable job in 6 months, if anyone thought results like today weren’t bound to happen eventually they were kidding themselves.
Comment: This sub is just a pro united hater💀
And any other club lover.
Any reasons ?
Comment: As a united fan, I can say I’ve always thought that this kind of result was coming.

Leicester City a couple of weeks ago, should and could have been 2-0 up early. De Gea made huge saves for both chances.

This is one example of us being poor to start games, which lead to Ten-Haag changing his tactics and deliberately being defensive. BIG MISTAKE.

This allowed the players and himself to think escaping the first 20 minutes, would lead to an easy victory. Oh how wrong they all were.

De Gea wasn’t given an opportunity really to pull off any crazy saves, not because he isn’t great but because Liverpools finishing was clinical and it was good to see.

Liverpool have had a shocker of a season… so far. But they’re closing in on the top 4 and only 7 behind United in 3rd.

They lost Mané which was a killer blow and have had a whole heap of injuries this season.

But they now find themselves full of confidence heading into the Bernabeu with a 3 goal deficit to overcome… They couldn’t could they? I personally believe, they could.

And if they do, Arsenal fans need to hope they win the league this year because next season, Liverpool could well be back to their recent best which as much as it PAINS me to say, is nothing short of phenomenal at times… in particular under the lights at Anfield

Comment: So he Sesyes?
Comment: Great move imo, miles better choice than Isak. Don't worry who I support...
Comment: He was nasty in FM23, if that means anything.
Comment: Apparently the source is shit so look forward to City paying 100m for him to play Carabao games
Comment: Is he bringing the crew of deep space 9 as well?
Comment: Arsenal has the squad where he doesn’t need to immediately come in and save them. They can score. Good signing
Comment: Why are chelsea even after him, yall already got a plethora of young forwards, thought they would go for an experienced striker.
Comment: The Emissary of the Prophets at the Emirates. Got a nice ring to it
Comment: After all I've seen, I trust Mikel and Edu to make the right choices.
Comment: This would actually be the perfect signing imo. He doesn’t need to immediately start for us and will have plenty time to develop and settle in next season. Also a lot better to have on the bench than Nketiah, with all due respect. Judging by the way he played this season, I think he’ll be a top striker in no more than 2-3 years to be fair.
Comment: £45 million sounds like a bargain
Comment: Mikel Arteta just signing every OP players in FM
Comment: Let me guess Chelsea monitoring him too?
Comment: He is the Sesko. He is the Emissary. Hail the Prophets.
Comment: Arsenal signing a striker is proof that they are ready to challenge the title next season. The last few transfers have gone well for them.
Comment: whatever happened to Jesus?
Comment: Man glad this business is done. Never ever thought it was possible after us signing Isak but the fans wouldn’t stop the rumor no matter how infeasible it was
Comment: Leipzig renewal or chelsea transfer written all over this

Use arsenals name to generate interest and hype > profit
Comment: Leipzig won’t negotiate for anything lower then his release clause which is £55 mil. If they want to go down the approach we use they would have to pay slightly more then the release clause but with add ins and better structure of payment because they are not selling for less then the RC especially with the attention from other clubs who could just trigger the clause themselves
Comment: The next Bendtner?

Comment: I think people are questioning their title credentials, not saying they’re bad. It takes a lot of consistency over a full season, and scraping results this early in the season doesn’t bode well. But they are a strong side, no need for panic either.
Comment: Anyone worth taking seriously doesn’t think arsenal are bad. 

In some of your comments you lament spurs being talked about as title contenders so early—well, pundits gonna pundit and that’s just noise. Most of us spurs fan (at least on our subreddit) are just really enjoying the football and form.
Comment: Whos saying they're bad?
Comment: > And yet people are acting as if they’re languishing in 10th?

Are they? I think it's just highlighting that whilst results have been fine the performances aren't as good as the previous year and could've turned out differently.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: The fact you’ve created this post suggests you’re too online
Comment: Still not convinced they're gonna push City in the latter stages of the season personally, especially with added champions league pressure
Comment: They've been rubbish going forward. 12th in the league in non pen xG. Their 5 penalties are covering up a badly misfiring attack.
Comment: Who said Arsenal were bad? Am I missing something? I honestly think they're better than last season.
Comment: It's because the standard has gone up. Last year, nobody expected us to do so well. Now draws against Chelsea and Spurs feel like losses. 

Do feel the Outlook is a little negative at the moment. However, I also don't think we have fully hit our stride.
Comment: Who is saying Arsenal are bad? Them and City are the only teams that people talk about being title contenders.
Comment: If City weren't in the league (wishful thinking), then Arsenal would be title favourites. But City are the yardstick by which all other teams are measured and they are superb.. a fantastic squad with depth and one of the best managers in football history.  

In many ways, the current battle between City and Arsenal reminds me of the PL seasons when United and Arsenal went head to head under Ferguson and Wenger. Two brilliant sides but United almost always had the edge.. it's the exact same now with City. 

That doesn't make Arsenal a bad team. Far from it. It just means that City are better.
Comment: Attack wins you games, defense wins you titles.
Comment: Aw precious
Comment: I'm not sure what football circles you have around you but no-one I know is acting like they're languishing 10th. Yes they are questioning whether they can win the league or not but the same is applying to Man City to be fair. There is never a clear winner after only 9 games.
Comment: When discussing Arsenal as title candidates, I just feel personally that they're short of a clinical finisher that will get them over the line. They made improvements to their midfield with Rice, but everywhere else they are the same as last season, which wasn't good enough.
Comment: Who said they're bad?
Comment: I'll take nonsensical thread titles for 100 please Alex.
Comment: Who’s acting like they’re languishing in 10th ? Weird post. Just create a narrative to blow your own trumpet.
Comment: I haven’t seen anybody saying they aren’t finishing in the top 3, with most saying they’re most likely to fight city for the title. 

You just spending time on a spurs sub or what?

