Comment: Gents that’s only about $120 each if this whole sub chips in
Comment: I mean if we haggle him down to £350M and everyone from r/PremierLeague puts in £106 (make it £110 and then we’ve got 13M to barter with and lawyers fees) we can own Brentford, and go about playing proper football 🫡
Comment: If Man Utd hadn’t bough Sanchez, Pogba, Mount, Rojo, etc they could easily afford to buy Brentford and is a good strategy to guarantee a win against Brentford.
Comment: If we offer 6 monthly installments of 1.2k and 2.5 million after 50 league appearances, then surely they'll accept right?
Comment: The world of football has taught me that brentford= 5 Anthonys
Comment: I'm pretty sure they can lower the price to £300M, and then if you sell Toney for say, £70M, then it's £230M to pay. I would pay in monthly installments of £2000, which would roughly take me around 9000 years to pay it all off
Comment: Chelsea set to offer £500m
Comment: It’s time to put all our club loyalties aside and pool whatever we have together so we can turn Brentford into Reddit FC
Comment: Not many Brentford voices in here. 

It’s necessary unfortunately. Benham doesn’t have the funds to take us to the next step and become constant top half / Europe contenders. 

He saved us from becoming extinct and taken us all the way to the top. He has given us his life and, with the sale of midtjylland, he’s ready to count his chickens and let everything flourish. We owe our club to Benham. 

Thankfully, being a fan and all, Benham is smart enough to only allow investors that would follow his philosophy and the culture that has been built. I’m not super worried any Middle Eastern crooks or oil barons would be allowed a look in. 

It wasn’t too long ago the buckets were jangling outside griffin park and it’s been a hell of a ride all the way to the PL. We have had the best time and we look forward to the next stage.
Comment: Ok! I’ve had a life long dream of owning a Premier League team so, I’m in.

All I gotta do is:
1. Buy Mega Million ticket whose winnings are currently at around $525 Million ✅
2. Win the Mega Million ⏳
3. Buy the club in an installment plan. 

I think I’ll still be a little short but, I’m sure they’ll give me some discount from their asking price!
Comment: Back to the championship you go
Comment: It’s funny how shit like this puts into perspective how crazy inflated individual player values are. How can an entire premier league club be 400m, when I bet there’s a club out their willing to buy Toney for near a 100m.
Comment: That’s not a bad price for an established premier league club with a ground in London.
Comment: Is it just me or does that seem cheap for an established London PL team?
Comment: Mike Ashley has about that much money after selling Newcastle. He could fulfil his lifelong dream of owning a London Premier League team.
Comment: If 8 million of us can contribute 50 dollars we can own it
Comment: Chelsea looking to buy
Comment: Citi Group (completely unrelated to City Group) enters the chat…
Comment: Don't they supposedly want 100m for Ivan Toney? 

So the rest of the club is only worth 300m?
Comment: Thaksin Shinawatra just got out of prison in Thailand just sayin'

Comment: This might be out of line for me to say given my flair but I feel as though I have an objective look at things. I don't  get why when smaller clubs defeat bigger clubs, the default is always to say that the bigger club lost the match. Brentford was the better club for a big chunk of that match. No excuses about the psyche of the City squad can take that away.
Comment: TBF the Arsenal game you are referring to they were down like 8 players due to COVID outbreak and one of only teams that first half of year to be turned down for COVID match reschedule.  They truly weren’t ready
Comment: Brentford did NOT beat Arsenal …
Comment: The BT host, right at the end of the match, said "City were not at their best today". It annoyed me so much. It's so dismissive and patronising to the "smaller" club who played brilliantly. They always do it.

You were awesome against us at the start of the season. Think you would have beaten most teams the way you played. And you were brilliant again today.

They keep saying how great the prem league is and that it's very competitive, but then it's "the big club played terribly" when they lose. You just have to listen to the players (active or retired) when they're interviewed. They all say "there are no easy games in the premier league". It's not just platitudes.
Comment: Arsenal lost to Brentford?
Comment: Brentford fans should enjoy all of their wins against bigger teams.

But I would say that they got plenty of good stuff written about them after the Arsenal and Utd wins. I'm sure it'll be the same for the city game.

Rather than make up straw man arguments just enjoy it.
Comment: Being terrible is an excuse now? That's specifically the reason why united got smashed.
Comment: What do you mean Man City planning for World Cup they played their best 11 without resting anyone..
Comment: Brentford beat Arsenal, they weren’t ready. Brentford beat United, United were terrible. Brentford beat City, they were planning for the World Cup. Football is funny sometimes.

There I fixed your awful grammar, & removed the emoji.
Comment: I agree that credit should be given more to smaller clubs when they beat a big team.

However, that Arsenal team was hit by covid, and other circumstances. We had Mari, Chambers, Sambi, Pepe and Balogun playing. Our most important players missed it. No Gabriel, no Partey, no Odegaard and no Saka.
Comment: Hah I get same same when my home team ( Legia Warsaw ) defeats anyone in Europe or in league - it’s not us being strong and playing well - it was the opposition being shite. I truly hate that reasoning - and same thing happens when in PL smaller team defeats a bigger team - it’s the bigger team that lost and were crap and not the small one winning because they played better
Comment: True. Fact is, big clubs tend to have the arrogance to believe they can beat anyone if they play their style, unless they’re playing each other. Then it comes down to tactics. Meanwhile, smaller clubs rely on tactics to expose the weaknesses of bigger clubs. When it works, it’s because the coach was right and the players executed a perfectly orchestrated plan. Commentators are given too much credit, when most of them don’t understand anything about tactics. Bunch of wombles, the lot of em.
Comment: United we’re terrible when Brentford beat them. But that was due to Brentford pressing high, playing well and forcing United to be terrible.
Comment: Pretty sure when you look at this year the one team Brentford didn’t beat was Arsenal…
Comment: Football is football my g that’s why we love the game anything can happen!
Comment: Really funny. If they played that way every week, they might be higher than 10th 🤷‍♂️
Comment: What about Brentford winning against Chelsea.
Comment: Brentford’s teamwork for that second goal 👌
Comment: Since you only beat good teams, I think we at Liverpool are safe.
Comment: Tbh, it's just excuses.. Liverpool have been playing shit this season likely exhausted after last season but the fact lower teams are popping up winning in their matches means its a good chance this season will end with a weird table

Comment: And well run clubs have a solid recent history of sticking in the EPL once promoted.  I'm rooting for them.  Thanks for highlighting them and the solid analysis.
Comment: I agree with this. Wanted to see them get promoted last season, however the I worry that their relative lack of experience might bite them in the ass this season as well.
Comment: Brentford's recruitment is unique is the English divisions - they stopped investing in their youth system and instead rely on a comprehensive scouting system to bring through young talent. Their scouts have an expertise in Scandinavian countries and focus on potential.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Sidenote : Brentford are career mode legends
Comment: Moneyball!!!
Comment: As a Kiwi I really hope that Winston Reid does well there and helps them get promoted
Comment: And Tarkowski!
Comment: Villa fan here; Rico Henry is the next Brentford player I'm watching. I'd love him to be at the club with Targett, only issue is that he grew up supporting Birmingham city football club!
Comment: Hopefully this is the year we get promoted and we won’t have to lose all our good players
Comment: Ivan Toney has been an another excellent signing
Comment: I admire their transfer business but I don't think any club deserves promotion just for being a well run club. With that being said I think they will be in the Prem next season. Even without the two main stars of last season's "BMW" they look stronger now and they have the promotion race experience after losing to Fulham at Wembley last time. 


You should post this in r/Championship as well
Comment: A buddy of mine played with Brentford last year, they basically play players a lot near the end of a season so to up their game time so they can sell them on for more. They love young players and they understand that for a lot of the players it’s a way for them to get into the premier league, they try to make money while also keeping players happy. I met the owner of Brentford when Emiliano Marcondes was injured a while back and he took me to one of their matches, brought me into the “chair persons” room on their ground which was just filled with a bunch of people wearing sweaters and had haircuts like they were in a 1900’s British drama. One guy was wearing tattered clothes and looked like a reporter or something, didn’t take much notice of him but chatted a little and was a nice guy, turns out he owned the club. Basically chatted to a millionaire and thought he was just a journalist for the daily star.
Comment: I’m suprised more clubs haven’t followed suit.
Comment: They’re looking like the best team in the championship imo, I’d be shocked if they don’t end up in the epl next year
Comment: Said Benrahma is actually doing pretty well. What you normally expect clubs like Brentford doing this trade is that you would come across some bad examples to the level that this recruitment hassle is a scam. But it isn't. Almost all major-team players that Brentford sold are well above average, players like Tarkowski, Watkins etc. Watkins with Grealish shattered PL in the first few weeks, resulting in a dramatic start for AV this year. There are many more examples to name.
Comment: Just imagine that those players didn’t leave... now Brentford would be in the Prem mid table
Comment: Newcastle fan here, stuck between being devastated that we missed another one in Ivan Toney, and relieved that we haven't killed his career like we usually do, him and Armstrong being the only notable exception, maybe Mbabu as well?
Comment: It’s nice to have Dean Smith as manager who has brought in his Brentford recruits and John Terry as Assistant Manager who is finding Chelsea players to bring in (save Drinkwater).
Comment: Brentford just have to improve midfield and they have a solid mid table prem team

Comment: The funny thing is these teams could buy £50m+ on players if they wanted to, they just aren't stupid with it. They get enough for promotion and Brighton in particular make loads off selling players. They just scout well and don't go wasting it on dross players.

Ps. "decade long City fan" made me chuckle.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: They are taking tons of points off every top 6 team but them, so Arsenal fans love them.
Comment: You should have avoided the words decade long
Comment: Decade long man city fan. Must be nice haha
Comment: Decade long MC fan, curious timing to become a City fan.
Comment: Oh I am loving how Brighton are playing at the moment, we even took the game to Arsenal, which not many teams are doing these days
Comment: So patronizing…
Comment: Unbelievably patronising lmao. Decade long sounds about right, jumping on the biggest club at the time
Comment: A decade long City fan ahahahaha.

Well, you came at the right decade my friend 😄
Comment: Decade long city fan with respect for these teams 🤣🤣🤣
Comment: Outjerked again
Comment: as a Liverpool fan i can assure you they don’t bring a smile to “every” fan
Comment: I think we all love a good underdog story. Remember when Leicester won the league, towards the end of the season, everyone was rooting for them. Remember how we all watched Rooney at Derby last year, as they fought tooth and nail to stay up?

We see so many teams come up & go back down, it is nice when we see someone, who to those of us who support other teams manage to do things, that sometimes we can't on a ludicrously small budget. I remember when people would talk with admiration about Stoke and how solid they were.

As an Arsenal fan I love it when little teams mess things up, it is why I love seeing the giant killers in the FA Cup. So yeah, it is amusing watching Fulham, Brentford & also Brighton surprise everyone on tiny budgets with bargain players.

Unless you happen to be a fan of the team they beat . . .
Comment: A decade shity suporter.. what a surprise,
Comment: Decade long you say, lol. 10 years ago was a very convenient time to become a city fan!
Comment: You mean smaller teams that earn their place , spend their own money ? 
That’s how football works , except for the likes of PSG and City
Comment: honestly this post must be a joke. I refuse to believe OP has so little self-awareness to write this out unironically.
Comment: Decade long, so you started supporting City shortly after the money arrived. Now there’s a surprise
Comment: "Decade long" An honest plastic?🤭

Comment: Don't you just love seeing fans back?
Comment: London is red. For brentford
Comment: Arsenal fan here. it's hilarious. It's all banter back and forth. These are the same fans that gave Saka a standing ovation when he was subbed on. Great to see it all. Fans back is awesome from every side except the racist one.
Comment: Just give them the prem now it’s over
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: What are they gonna day when they play Spurs?
Comment: Alright Brentford, you're a propper Premier League club now.
Comment: My balls are so blue right now.
Comment: Who would've thought that little competition they have with each other is going to be for 9th and 10th?
Comment: Brentford have already became a fan favourite
Comment: My ex is an arsenal fan and after a shitty relationship of emotional abuse and finally getting out and recovering, this is just what I needed. Thank fuck football is back
Comment: WE’RE BY FAR THE GREATEST TEAM THAT THE MID TABLE HAS EVER SEEN
Comment: It’ll be a rough season for Gunners everywhere.
Comment: Lol I've come to the conclusion that Arsenal fans are masochists, they get a kick out of pain. To each his own!
Comment: Premier league it’s the best #1
Comment: Loved their “we’re top of the league” chant aswell
Comment: Am I the only one that can’t actually hear them chanting that?
Comment: im falling in love already
Comment: As a Spurs fan, this is absolutely glorious! I love you Brentford, so happy to see you guys in the Prem!
Comment: Gotta love them enjoying their moment. Let them get carried away and realize Spurs are a shit Spurs.

Comment: Let’s start using VAR to decide exact throw in positions every time the ball goes out of play
Comment: Isn’t it funny how they’re complaining about a free kick not being taken where play was stopped for the foul. Baring in mind none of their players complained to the referee. 

But never mind all the times players from every team steal about 20 yards from a throw-in and not restarting play where play is stopped. IMO it’s no different. As long as the referee is happy where it is. Then play is restarted.
Comment: I find it sad that I feel like I'm in the minority for thinking this is clear cheating and should not be rewarded. Its hardly surprising though, in the world we live in grifters get ahead.
Comment: Now listen, I'm Gary Neville and I've decided that any club that officially complains to PGMOL is an EMBARRASSMENT. It's EMBARRASSING that you care about your club, and about obviously wrong decisions that are made against you. Liverpool complaining about a completely onside goal being disallowed for offside, in a game that could effect the title? EMBARRASSING. Forrest complaining about a player choosing to take a free kick away from the assigned spot, in a result that could effect relegation? EMBARRASSING. 

If you complain about things, you are embarrassing, humiliating, disgusting, and a bit smelly tbh. 

Yours Sincerely,

G Nev
Comment: Forest were fucking dopey, but if this is all fine, then why bother with the ref spraying the foam at all?
Comment: PGMOL actually need to do something here.

Because moving the ball wherever you like becomes 100% fair game and established practice on Monday if they just tell us to sod off yet again and say nothing.

Watch Toney- speaks to their number 8 (I think Jensen) who then goes over to distract the ref. We can guess exactly what Toney told him to do. He then moves it. Twice. And the foam.

What Toney does there becomes the rule, so long as the refs don't catch you, for all clubs from this week if they just ignore this. 

It's cheating.

Doesn't matter how shit our defending is. We are shocking at set pieces. But that was cheating and it has wider implications for the PL, including the clubs of all these idiots laughing at it as if it's ok.

And what pisses me off the most is that kids see that, they see the commentators praising it and then it becomes the right thing for them to be doing for their school teams
Comment: I wonder how many more free kicks would be scored if players were allowed to move the ball a yard to the side after a wall is set.
Comment: However this request arrived to PGMOL, it was immediately put in some form of bin.
Comment: It's a weird one. Referee is distracted and not looking as Toney adjusts the ball and even redraws the line, but the Forest players are also not paying enough attention. I think VAR should have intervened, Toney con's the ref, and the wall is set up based on where the ball was initially positioned by the ref. VAR likely missed it because no one raised the alarm, there didn't look to be anything to check and by the time play restarts it's too late.

It'll go down as a great bit of gamesmanship from Toney which helped earn Brentford all 3 points,
Comment: It’s like the man said himself. It happens all the time, and if it didn’t go in, nobody would even be talking about it. 

It’s similar to when defence sets up their wall a foot too close, most of the time refs don’t sweat it, unless you’re taking the piss. 

Nobody said a thing until after the match. Even the commentators didn’t say anything.

Even if NF players didn’t complain to ref (which would’ve been the easiest thing to do) they could’ve moved their positioning if they thought it would’ve made a difference.

If PGMOL want to stamp it out they will have the video referee watch out for it in future. Doubt anything will be done on this occasion.
Comment: Cheat returns after eight month ban and continues cheating. Shocked! Shocked, I tell you!
Comment: Oh give it a rest. Players foul throw every game. Players put the ball over the line when taking corners. The wall moves over the foam line everytime. Everyone does it and everyone at this level will always cheat where they can. Toney is a cunt but this is not a Toney only thing.
Comment: PGMOL reply 

Dear forest, 

Move your wall slightly to the left and you would not have conceded 

Many thanks 

Also, every fucking player moves the ball on free kicks and offsides (goalies move it five-ten yards sometimes). Every player gains yards at throw in.
Comment: It’s a restart so not under VAR and moving the spray and ball is a booking office only so again, not covered by var.
Comment: I have seen more competent officiating in professional wrestling...
Comment: It’s actually so dumb. There’s clear camera footage of it but why don’t VAR intervene at the time? He could’ve just been made to move it back. In rugby the TMO assists the referee and intervenes when necessary. Same with Kluivert’s tackle earlier just inconsistency and general stupidity.
Comment: I don’t understand why everyone is blaming Forest. Toney blatantly cheated and if VAR isn’t picking up things like this, genuinely scrap it.
Comment: Yet no one talks about the wall being over the line.
Comment: Will the letter make reference to the Forest wall standing ahead of where it should have been?
Comment: what can they do, can't reverse the decision or deduct the points.

Comment: Thomas Frank is so good
Comment: Brentford, spurs and Chelsea who are the other 2? Liverpool & United?
Comment: UP THE BEES. Brilliant game today. Well done man city. Despite not playing their strongest team and already having won the league they still put up one great fight.
Comment: Lol all arsenal needed was two wins. Damn.
Comment: Toney must have won big today.
Comment: Brentford are the real premier league champions
Comment: Wolves got a double over city like 3 years ago if I remember correctly
Comment: Who is Hollywood Bets?
Comment: Done the double over City 🏆
Comment: Since this is the case we need playoffs.
Comment: Back when ole was at the wheel. Good times but now is much better
Comment: Makes a difference when you don't have your star player betting on you to lose perhaps

Comment: Unironically the worst thing to happen to Eriksen on a football pitch.
Comment: Ronaldo: I must play in Champions League!

Man U: We must play in Championship!
Comment: Calm down Brentford, it's only Man Utd. Wait until you face a half decent side like Leeds or Southampton.
Comment: What a day to be alive as a neutral. Utterly shambolic.
Comment: i can’t wait to see my Manchester  united fan  coworker on Monday
Comment: Ronaldo is packing his backs tonight hahahaha
Comment: United should just let me play at this point
Comment: Glorious game. Well played, Brentford.
Comment: Let me remind you, that some pundits put MU above the Liverpool this season. Lol.
Comment: Should be broadcasted on Comedy Central.
Comment: What I don’t understand, all of these managers bench Ronaldo, but they don’t dare to bench McGuire
Comment: Well I for one am having a grand time right now
Comment: Half-time scoreline: Brentford 4-0 Manchester United

*Everyone liked that*
Comment: Gary Neville showing more fight on sky than anyone in a United shirt today
Comment: How shit must Varane be to continually not get a look in over Maguire?
Comment: So.. I guess that 4-0 win over our second team boosted their ego and confidence that much they fell so hard... wow
Comment: 18 clubs in a Manchester sandwich.
Comment: I fall asleep and we're already 4 nil down. I'm going back to bed
Comment: Man U on pace for relegation lol
Comment: Got to say it. Brentford winning the league.

Comment: Seeing how United play and seeing where they’re at on the table is really jarring
Comment: You can pick out on one hand the good performances from man utd this season.
Comment: I can actually explain why this is happening: 

A lot of people here are talking about United as if their performances are based on magic we can't understand. 

It's pretty obvious that when teams sit back and defend heavily, United are forced to move further up the pitch. But they can't afford to do this because they've had over 20 center-back pairings this season and with an injury crisis,  United have been forced to play Varane and Lindelof against Brentford, two players who lack both speed and composure at this point in their career. 

Brentford played a back 5 and 3 defensive midfielders out of possession, and moved to a midfield overload on offense. 

Brentford could afford to do this because their defense is quicker and they placed all their faith in the two strikers, lumping balls long in the hope of a 1 on 1. A lot of people wrongly identify the pressure United absorb as a problem, but great counter attacking teams do this regularly. This is backed up by the quantity of shots that Brentford had (31). Despite this they only had 5 on target, which is actually the same amount as United did in the game. 

This same trend follows through much of the season. In the last 10 games, only Villa and City had more shots on target than United, winning one of those games. During that period, United only lost 2 games also. 

It's not magic. Whether it's liked or not, Brentford will accept a draw at home whilst United are expected to attack. Liverpool are in the same boat, so are Villa. They're expected  to attack and in both of those games it cost them dearly, because it left them wide open to a counter. Despite the loss, United went 1 up for 45 minutes against City, through the same thing. 

When you consider the season long injury crisis, United's performance wasn't horrible. Brentford's was masterful, forcing United to give up points. If United had Shaw and Martinez fit, it would be a different story. And when they are the stats speak for themselves.
Comment: The basic stuff is just horrible. Triangle passing, pressing, off-the-ball movement, lack of attacking patterns.

I just dont see how its possible to not beeing able to coach the players to atleast a certain level of basic stuff. Most games are won because of 1 brilliant solo performance or a good counter attack. 

We are getting outplayed by 80% of the teams. 
Comment: Every game I've watched with United under ETH they look like a bunch of strangers playing together, with teams just walking through their midfield for fun
Comment: Ok Chelsea up next probably win 3-0 🤦‍♂️
Comment: Half of me thinks that these shitbag kits mess with player’s heads.  Like what team am I playing for???
Comment: At this point United just need to rebuild. Sack ten Hag, sell everyone (barring their current young guys) and bring in some more young guys who can play the new manager’s style of football. Take 2-3 years, back him in and then watch them shoot up the table.
Comment: It’s like they can only get motivated for Liverpool!! Just shows it was a complete fluke in the fa cup as that performance against Brentford was that of a relegation threatened team ( actually doing those teams in relegation zone a disservice) they were shocking and should have lost heavily. They’re pure trash and rightly the laughing stock of the league
Comment: Every Manchester United fan was ashamed of the performance their players showed against Brentford. Honestly, Brentford should have won that match by at least 3-0. Utd got lucky. 
Comment: Please keep doing it forever
Comment: They've put in horrible performances all season and just gotten over the line enough times to cover for it.

Individual star power has saved them this year, nothing more.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: But they can still win the FA cup somehow
Comment: It’s the norm now and has been for a while, there are players there that have been there far too long and they don’t have the capacity to change no matter who the manager is, it’s a mentality thing with the squad. New players that arrive get sucked into the mediocrity of the old and end up like the long time squad players…… playing football is not rocket science and they all made a name for themselves either in youth ranks or previous clubs. There is a total lack of tactical awareness, fight or determination. They are consistently inconsistent and the only team that seem to have no pattern to the play or style, it’s just a mess most weeks. Every team in the league and even the EFL you see a structure but nothing like that at man united, they need a proper clear out to change this mentality at the club otherwise it’s going to continue like it has with every manager that comes in.
Comment: It was fucking diabolical
Comment: The only reason I thought they might actually win was, you can't do an inquest into a performance with Dion Dublin and Jamie Redknapp.
Comment: Just wait until you see how Bruce Gilden reacted!!
Comment: Only at brentford? Get use to it and don’t be deceived by ETH
Comment: It's not the first time they play like this shame on Ten Hag that he isn't doing well with all of this players

Comment: Brentford continue to impress even in a loss.
Comment: Shitty he didn’t even get nominated for balon d’or
Comment: how many times i had a heart attack during the match
Comment: And only 83 on FIFA, what a joke.
Comment: Brentford played amazing yesterday. Respect to them. From a chelsea fan.
Comment: saving bicycle kick going under the bar in the middle of a goal against a newly promotet side to secure a win = 8/10

scoring a bicycle kick in stoppage time in front of a home crowd to go undefeated against CL champions = 9/10
Comment: That might win the league for Chelsea. Didn’t deserve 3 points today. One person was the difference.
Comment: road to world class GK
Comment: can we all agree that is it was Kepa that would have ended much muuuuuuuuch more differently
Comment: One good year isn't enough to be seen as a top top player, but he still should have been on the ballon d'or shortlist, I don't know how he's been left out
Comment: Brentford really came in the premier league and just dominate, not necessarily in winning, but in keeping a game close and not giving in til the last second. I was shaken up after us Arsenal fans lost to them like that. Very good side, don’t underestimate them.
Comment: Mendy was a great pick up for Chelsea, 1000% better than KEPA!
Comment: Save of the season so far imo, 2nd one is Ramsdale v the Scum 
I’m prob forgetting one from De Gea but oh well!!!
Comment: I not a Chelsea fan but Mendy was outstanding yesterday!
Comment: What a keeper
Comment: Someone cue me in is that Pinnock
Comment: Mendy was top class 💯
Comment: This day and age, that’s an expected save.
Comment: https://igobets.com/tips/football-predictions-today-betting-tips-17-10-2021/
Comment: Pretty average save for a top end goalkeeper

Comment: The sackings this season have been so weird...........except for Steve Bruce
Comment: Sam Allardyce is on the way!!!
Comment: WTF is wrong with them?! 😂😂😂 Finally win one and they get rid of him. Should've lost a few more on the trot and he'd have been secure
Comment: That will teach him! Winning premier league games is just not in their DNA.
Comment: I find this logic hilarious. Losing all season and then finally wins a game and bye bye. Maybe Norwich wanted to lose every game maybe?
Comment: Bruce in
Comment: As a Norwich fan I am disgusted with this, the Out Gang got their way congratulations to them, I thought we was better than this and showed loyalty- this is shameful. He was our greatest ever manager. WTF do we except, we are Norwich, local owners we are not a foreign owned club, we are not owned by billionaires, our fans need to be careful what we wish for I could see us in league 1 really quickly
Comment: Nunooooooo
Comment: Most likely decision made after the Chelsea or Leeds games, and planning to sort over the international break for stability purposes. He might've already known he was gone. 1 last hurrah though. Hope he does well wherever he goes...
Comment: This is why you play Billy Gilmour.
Comment: Kept him just to beat brentford shame as that’s unlucky for us too another manager would of set up different and we might of been able to turn up typical. Unlike Norwich was due with all the losses but they literally kept him for that win smart but harsh
Comment: Just missed out on Conte /s
Comment: I’m guessing they have been trying to find a replacement for a while, and the timing of finding one with the first win is just bad.
Comment: Is this a joke? They finally win-and they sack him?
Comment: He wins his first game and then they go sack him poor guy. Surely they could have waiting until he lost the next game :(
Comment: So they do want to beat Derby Countys's record.
Comment: Weird timing
Comment: ah yes what a disappointing win
Comment: Dean Smith next
Comment: He knew before the game, at least the new manager gets a bit of a lift going in on a win.

Comment: Sandro Tonali
Comment: Eddy Nketiah, £50m in the summer 🤔🧐
Comment: They have already signed his replacement, Igor Thiago from Club Bruges, he joins in the summer

https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/68300744
Comment: They've already bought their Toney replacement, his name is [Igor Thiago, from Club Brugge](https://www.transfermarkt.com/igor-thiago/profil/spieler/739443).
Comment: Your defense is in trouble, Nketiahs in the room.
Comment: We already have his replacement: Igor Thiago from Club Brugge. 16 goals in 23 games this season for them.
Comment: Danny Ings he’s so good oh my god I love him worth every penny.
Comment: Replacing Ivan Toney with Josh Sargent is asking for a relegation scrap
Comment: As an American, Josh Sargeant isn’t close to a decent replacement for Toney. That’s actually a hilarious comparison.
Comment: Jonathan David or  nketiah
Comment: Anyone else who can have a year off and then not score consistently.
Comment: From our perspective, Eddie Nketiah.
Comment: Toney will become their Zaha
Comment: Were i a betting man, i'd say adebayo.
Comment: Broja
Comment: They already bought his replacement, Thiago from Bruges
Comment: Sargent was played in Prem before and not looked that great
Comment: DCL everton will be looking to sell
Comment: Tammy Abraham
Comment: Anyone at the moment, he is awful.

Comment: Basically, the future is not just which clubs spend the most, it is which clubs spend the smartest. Take my team, Derby County - we're almost always buy high and sell low and are about £200m down to turn a regular promotion run into a relegation battle. Teams like Brentford and the Red Bull franchises are showing the way things should be done.
Comment: Great read and really useful graphs. 
For someone who doesn't watch Brentford can you explain why you are bullish they will stay up in their first season provided they aren't gutted like you said what about their play style indicates this to you? 
Secondly, with this type of strategy how much of a factor do you think   a players current readiness to play at a team/leagues current level factor into the buying decision over future value in years to come?
Comment: This is a very insightful post. I think having a partner club could prove useful for them, similar to RB Leipzig having Salzburg. I think they could survive atleast one season in the Premier League, but they will have to clinch sure fire points. If they don’t, we’ll be saying goodbye to them before May
Comment: Also as an interesting aside, West Ham loaned them Winston Reid for this recent season, who started his professional career at Midtjylland
Comment: Brentford got over their hoodoo! Awesome
Comment: Enjoyed this explanation very much
Comment: Thank you for sharing this! Very insightful. As a very amateur data enthusiast, I'd be very curious to find out how you get all these amazing stats and combine them to provide these insights? Is there a way to just download stats from ESPN or something?
Comment: > They need to be good at shot-stopping, and able to deal with the huge deal of chances that will inevitably come at a recently promoted side. Can you find who it is?

This sounds a little off to me. This sounds like you are saying the best keeper for Brentford isn't the keeper who has the best PSxG, but rather the keeper that has the best PSxG while facing a lot of shots.
But isn't PSxG unrelated to the number of shots faced? It's supposed to be a measure of shot stopping ability, so Brentford would want the keeper with the best PSxG (Areola) not a combination of PSxG and shots faced (Johnstone or Meslier). They want the best shot-stopper, and as he faces a higher number of shots he will stop even more of them, more than anyone else in fact.

The number of shots only really matters in terms of confidence in the PSxG rating. Obviously a keeper with only 1 shot faced will have either a great or terrible PSxG that isn't truly representative of their skill, while a keeper with 1000 shots faced should hav a PSxG rating that more accurately reflects their abilities. There is some threshold (though I'm not really sure what it is) where >= that number of shots should mean the PSxG is reliable, at which point that's is what matters and the shot count doesn't really matter anymore
Comment: I would say most people don't know how basic player transfers even work, more or less what op just wrote about. Very nice read. To me, teams that do their business this way make modern football so exciting.
Comment: So they scout players. Amazing. If only other clubs had thought of doing this.

And the idea that a GK is specialised in facing more shots than less is largely stupid. All GKs find it easier to face more shots. They get to build confidence and get a feel for the ball. The opposite is a consideration for good defensive/top teams.
Comment: Cool, cant wait to see transfers of all 20 clubs before the season start.
Comment: So due to the midtjylland connection this has been mentioned a lot here in Denmark for some time now. What I'm most interested to find out is whether or not Brentford will get someone like Jens Lys Cajuste at a bargain price.
Comment: Brilliant. I saw a post like this on Instagram as well.
Comment: It pisses me off that big clubs dont take advantage of this. Buy em cheap, no risk and can sell em quickly.
Comment: City are good at this compared to the likes of Utd PSG Chelsea. The worst is Barca and the best is Leipzig. Leipzig have a huge focus on their academy and although they do buy players the most they’ve ever spent on one is about 30mil. This is what Barca used to do but since Bartomeou they’ve become a slightly cheaper PSG. Now under Laporter they are going back to that again
Comment: Bro this is based off Football Manager. It is just a football game with numbers at the end of the day. We thought Leeds was gonna go straight back down. We were proved wrong
Comment: Yes moneyball and stats have helped us but I hate that’s how media and clueless big fanbases will understand us. Since our progression to league one we never changed our philosophy, we never had a plan b an ugly route to goal if anything trying to play more positive years before bielsa’s leeds but the media won’t like that so we are just the stats team 😂
Comment: Bretford will gone down next year sadly-99.9%
Comment: Bit of a long read for something most people already know.

Comment: More proof that footballers are expected to endorse betting at every viable opportunity to pray on the vulnerable and then get cast aside should they indulge in it themselves. 

Gambling companies are absolute scum who need much tighter regulation than they already have and certainly shouldn’t be being promoted around sporting events in any way, shape or form.
Comment: I thought the FA banned betting sponsors...or has that just not taken effect yet?
Comment: Don't mind me mate "I'm just living the Ladbrokes life."

Can anyone imagine if heroin dealers were allowed to advertise it the same way that gambling companies are. Fun, exciting, harmless and incorporating "use our addictive process/substance responsibly," messages.

edit: Incase anyone wanted to see what the [advert](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWHjiH60fMc) I was referring to was.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: I wish UEFA would ban shirt sponsors. I know they have no right to, but I’m tired of these junky sponsors ruining good looking shirts
Comment: So just to make people understand how ridiculous this is.

When Toney is back in training, but still banned from playing games, he will be wearing and promoting a gambling sponsor whilst serving a ban for gambling.

It is a ridiculous decision in my opinion for the club to extend the sponsorship
Comment: Is this an issue.In India, the entire cricket league was sponsored by a betting company(lol)
Comment: GOOD, I CAN BET ON THEM :P
Comment: They took Toney out of Fifa 23 too
Sad
Comment: This is why the FA is run by dunderheads
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Probably a contract that spans several years. So it’s not that surprising.
Comment: Yeah gambling firms might be bad, but some people come from Liverpool and that’s much worse
Comment: Change the colours also, Ivan is triggered by red. And the whole grass on the field have a X2 vibe.
Comment: Money talks
Comment: I don’t care because I’m an adult.
Comment: Damn, just lost 18 quid.
Comment: The fans that are upset should pool there money and sponsor the shirt.

Comment: I honestly dont get the Man United fans that want to keep ETH.

Like what are you guys seeing?

Even when you win, you win like a championship team that drew man city in the FA cup that tries to park the bus and win on a fluke counter.

You guys guys gave up 31 shots to Brentford
Comment: We are so shit.


Shit shit shit shits shit
Comment: It’s so depressing watching United at the minute. More so than normal. The summer cannot come quick enough - we already all expect disappointment there, too.

Pleased for Mount, but that would have been criminal
Comment: If you're a United fan that still advocates for ETH you seriously need an intervention.
Comment: Mason!
Comment: When is mctominay coming in to score?
Oh...
Comment: They steal it again🤦🏾‍♂️
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: The best team is the one that takes more of it's chances
Comment: Why are you a Liverpool fan, yet all your posts are Man United? Grow up
Comment: Ratcliffe don’t change anything, I’m loving this team.
YNWA
Comment: 10 hog is still living off the three good games he had with Ajax

Comment: Lost a great keeper in David Raya. Lost a great striker in Ivan Tony. Got loads of injuries. They won't go down but I imagine this season must be a bit of a write off for them. Got a soft spot for them so hope they pick their form up.
Comment: Well you can't deny that the loss of Ivan Toney wouldn't have a part to play in this
Comment: People will point at just Toney and Raya but as a Brentford fan I can tell you that while those 2 would have made a difference for sure, we've lost so many important players to injury. A starting forward (Schade) , CB (Mee) and LB (Henry) are all out injured as are both our rotating players for the second 8 position (Dasilva and Damsgaard). Versus United our 1st keeper was out although due to his choppy form it's hard to say how much this changed things.

We currently have 1 midfielder sub option (onyeka) and 1 forward sub option (Olakigbe) with any prior Premier League experience and of those two, onyeka is a fringe player and Olakigbe is a rising youth prospect. Our depth is in the bin and our midfield is absolutely exhausted by the end of the game without enough reliable subs to reinforce it with in the last third of the game.
Comment: We have 9 injuries to our first team and Toney is suspended. We are playing 2nd team and Brentford B players so the going has been tough. I was surprised we even played against United that closely, shame it had to end that way.
Comment: They have lost nine starters and had a draw taken off them at newcastle for a dive, of which if that was given against them they also could have had two against spurs and a win. Plus a penalty against forest which would have been a win. Essentially had six points for similar offences go against them as well tbh. Also when you look at what newcastle and spurs did after it’s not that bad either just getting the wrong points not much else they can do sadly if toney wasn’t banned they would be fine cos they are creating the chances and even looking comfortable in most games just a lot of bad luck tbf
Comment: It's actually because the premier league has a rule about cute and plucky teams. We are only allowed one, Brentford has been that cute plucky small club and now Luton have shown up and are even more cute, more plucky and even smaller. Shame it happens but it just means Brentford's time is over.
Comment: Luckily there’s Sheffield, Luton, Burnley, and Everton. Just less quality in the league this year. I expect Brentford to survive and I hope yous do.
Comment: With all the injuries and the loss of raya, we’re in transition. A back line that rarely play together and a new keeper to build trust with. 

Next year we’ll lose Toney and then we’ll be in transition all over again. 

It’s just going to be a struggle season, but I don’t think we’ll go down. 

What made us standout so much these past two seasons, being so aggressive, direct, and a big six slayer, was because we had two full seasons with a barely disrupted team. Not many teams get to play so many games with an unchanged starting eleven. All the trust and confidence and momentum had been building since the promotion.
Comment: Lost Raya, Ivan missing for half a season, they have two central midfielders out and along with two wingers. That is brutal on a team, never mind a team of Brentfords size
Comment: They also were playing their backup keeper at Man U and were leading until stoppage time.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: They bossed manure away for 92 mins then just let them in
Comment: They have lost two of their best players. Raya and Toney. Probably the two most important ends of the pitch.
Comment: They have got a bunch of injuries like a few other teams and obviously Toney and Raya are big losses
Comment: Major injury problems, no Toney, and their data driven strategy of transfers has let them down with Flekken, who just isn't working out as a replacement for Raya. Combine that with Frank's defensive style being quite difficult to sustain, and a lot of those players having been there for a while, and boom, you're looking at a tricky season.
Comment: They're clearly missing Raya and Toney, who's probably also going to leave in the next transfer window.
Comment: Toney man. Loosing a Striker like him for a Team like Brentford is massive and they don‘t have any alternatives there on top of that. They‘re playing with Wissa who actually is a winger and does an okay job imo in that Role, but they can‘t replace Toney. They should‘ve signed someone in the Summer there.
Comment: I think though we're definitely worse than last season, our position in the league looks worse than our situation actually is, and since the man utd game I'm actually a lot less concerned about us potentially being in a relegation battle. We were especially poor against everton but in both of our last 2 seasons we've gone through similar/worse patches in terms of our performances, and I'd still expect us to finish around 10th-13th at the end of this season.
Comment: One trick Toney.
Comment: Lost their two best players

Comment: Little bee girl holding the sign “You’re gunner get stung!” Brentford fans have to be the happiest people on earth right now.
Comment: Arsenal went from first place to last in the prem in 90 minutes
Comment: Any link?
Comment: if arsenal wants to win the leuage soon they need to go to championship
Comment: i can not explain how happy i am to see arsenal fans suffering rn
Comment: Stan Kroenke needs to fuck off
Comment: Were the supporters just singing “we’re top of the league” a minute ago??
Comment: Let’s all laugh at Arsenal
Comment: i always cheer for whoever plays against arsenal, love seeing the arsenal supporters in pain
Comment: Arsenal need Ted Lasso
Comment: arsenal gonna get relagated
Comment: Nothing can save arsenal except if Haaland hit his head one day and signed a contract mid concussion
Comment: Brentford are top of the league. Go on lads!
Comment: Brentford are a team to watch out this season
Comment: I don’t think Brentford will do that great this season but I really hope they do
Comment: nice touch from brentford to give saka a standing ovation
Comment: can't say that based on this match. Every single team look good against arsenal these days
Comment: Amazon documentary off to a great start
Comment: Hahahahahaha! Assist from a throw in
Comment: Arteta gonna get sacked soon!

Comment: I don’t get this. 

If they think that the error was that egregious then why repeatedly put him in a position where he can effect the outcome of games. 

The fact that VAR duty is viewed as a punishment for incompetence goes a long way to showing why VAR is in the state that it is. It should be a specialised profession, not the naughty step.
Comment: This is so stupid. If they think the ref has done shit job why is he on VAR in the next game? How does that make any sense?

Regardless of what you think of those specific decisions in the Forest-Liverpool game. How do you say, well he totally screwed that one up, so we will give him the responsibility to sort out the more contentious and difficult decisions next time around?

The PGMOL is a corrupt institution. Not because they have a specific agenda for or against any specific team, but because they seem to be more concerned with themselves and their own status in the game then they are with officiating games as correctly and fairly as possible.
Comment: So, his punishment for giving two points to Liverpool is the opportunity to take three from Arsenal? Jokes aside...

It's true that the ball should have been given to the team that possessed the ball at the time of the stoppage (that's Forest), but it's also true that the call should have been a foul on Konaté. Forest conceded because they didn't boot the ball 60 yards upfield when they cleared after a corner and instead played tiki-taka near their own box. They also conceded because they didn't cover Nunez in the box. Paul Tierney is a minor character in this comedy of errors (or a tragedy of errors, from my gooner vista).
Comment: What the actual fuck? Like sure, he‘s incompetent as fuck, he shouldn‘t be reffing anything.

But how, amongst his plethora of aweful decisions across the years, has he been „suspended“ for such a minor mistake?

Is this just because Forest hired Clatters?
Comment: Oh for fucks sake, is this a joke? Almost guarantee we’re getting fucked over aren’t we
Comment: The outrage over such a nothing decision is ridiculous. There's a worse officiating mistake every other game. I remember Salah conceding a freekick because Bernardo Silva tried to do an MMA manouvre on him, and the response not being anywhere nearly as loud.
Comment: What did Arsenal and Brentford do?
Comment: Sitting a ref for possibly missing a play, 3 minutes before a goal is scored, is the height of absurdity for an organization that seems to outdo itself weekly with absurd decisions.  I don't have much pity for premier league refs, or Paul Tierney, but this decision is ludicrous.
Comment: Well at least we know why VAR is a bit shit, referees who have had a stinker end up officiating as a VAR.
Comment: How didn’t VAR see konate getting kicked in the head
Comment: Can anyone explain how the Sheffield United defender who pulled Kai Havertz backwards across the park just before the 5th goal tonight, doesn't get a yellow card???
Comment: And what about the VARs from Forest/Man U that missed Felipe choking Bruno?
Comment: But didn't Forest get the ball back before Darwin scored anyways ?

Even if they had the drop ball, they'd probably turn over possession
Comment: Literally more uproar about a drop ball minutes before a goal than when these pricks literally chopped off a goal for Liverpool against Spurs that was onside
Comment: VAR duty being a punishment will surely help improve VAR.
Comment: Wonder where he can do more damage - VAR or on the field.
Comment: Give him a short break and let people forget what an atrocious official he is. Then put him right back in to the top league in the world. No lesson learned

The refereeing association is a fucking disgrace. Old boys club protecting each other. Bunch of corrupt, fat, bald, cunts
Comment: When is it acceptable for fans of all clubs to come together and just accept that the Premier League is being run by lemmings and every club has been on both ends of some absolutely shocking Post-VAR decisions? 

Or are we so bored that we come up with the idea that Paul Tierney of all people is trying to help Liverpool win the league when the cunt absolutely hates us?
Comment: This is getting outrageous.

He wasn't dropped, this is normal rotation between var and onfield ref.
Comment: so rather than being demoted to the championship or getting remedial training he gets another chance to botch a call using var. brilliant.

Comment: If you need every 50/50 call to go your way, you probably didn’t do enough to win the game. Arsenal didn’t do enough to win & are lucky to get even a point. We only created one good chance & scored on it. No complaints about the result from me.
Comment: Join the waiting list for heads on spikes, the handball in the Chelsea game is some of the worst officiating I've ever seen, its funny how the premier league is trying to get city done for cheating yet they cheating bastards themselves.
Comment: The foul itself wasn't even a foul. Toney was the one holding saliba, but that's the game. Arsenal just don't look dangerous going forward anymore. Need Jesus back.
Comment: Brentford had a goal disallowed in the first half when there was no foul. Keep the conversation fair if you're going to complain about officiating. It happens.
Comment: All comments here are whataboutisms, no one disagrees with OP just points at a pmethora of judgement calls. This isn't a judgement call though so why not draw lines like they have done since introducing var?
Comment: Yeah, thing is potential is not enough, and never will be. Credit to Brentford, they made it really difficult, and I honestly feel really lucky to grab a point, because we had the ball, but they had the chances...

I think this draw was a "fair" result
Comment: Arsenal fan?
Comment: Was behind the goal for that goal, didn't really see the angle of it, but Arsenal kept trying the same stuff and didn't adapt their approach really until Trossard came on.
Comment: You all think that’s wild, I’m Wolves vs Southampton, Lemina got a second yellow as he “ran towards the ref aggressively” (referee justification post game). I’ve never heard such bs 

Luckily we managed to win tho but it just shows how shite the refs are fucking pussys
Comment: 💯 refs need to be interviewed and held accountable officiating across every level of the English game is pathetic
Comment: - Brentford xG - 2.18

- Arsenal xG - 1.37

Arsenal were lucky to come out with a draw, and should look internally not blame referees. I wonder if this is the start of the inevitable collapse we were all kind of expecting.
Comment: Brentford also had a foul unfairly given when Mbuemo was through on goal, its not an Arsenal thing, the officiating in this league just sucks donkey balls
Comment: You don’t know what they checked it didn’t until they come out and confirm. The TV commentators have no idea either, just taking out their ass
Comment: It's almost a decade since Kieran Gibbs got sent off instead of Oxlade-Chamberlain (it was March 2014). The only difference is the presence of VAR, but the incompetence is still there. lol
Comment: I concede that it was offside, full stop but i think we deserved a point. We played brilliantly all day and had a higher XG
Comment: Bruh arsenal have so many chances but blocked by Brentford defender
Comment: Nevermind....its just arsenal doing arsenal things. They are shaking like a shitting dog. Again.
Comment: Brentford goal was onside, but it showed everything that is bad about VAR.
Comment: Yeah you forget their first goal that should have stood so 1-1 was right 🙂
Comment: There wasn't any wrestling going on no matter how much you push that point. The offside now you may, might just have a point but would you want that Brentford goal disallowed for a couple inches ? If it wasn't against your team. 

Chelsea had at least one goal disallowed today that should of stood. And a clear penalty. We need to get ex players to do Var or get rid of it .

Comment: Brentford IG has the Comments disabled 👀.  So I'll say it here . "Nice kick about with the boys" 👍
Comment: i just can’t imagine anybody keeping pace with city, but the race for 2nd should be interesting, especially with Liverpool’s slow start. I’m expecting Arsenal to be top 4 though.
Comment: Super young team, promising stuff!
Comment: I don't think we'll end up competing for the title this season but we're looking good for top four - if we can make it then with another summer of a few good signings, another year for the young ones to grow and next year I wouldn't write it off.
Comment: Honestly we’ll done today didn’t let us have any of the ball at all and we’re just much better then us through the game
Comment: It will be a lot closer then what people think. It is possible city gets in trouble if they have injuries in their forwards…
Comment: Let's be honest, we'll do great to finish 3rd
Comment:   If City aren’t winning it, I’ve got it going to Arsenal or Spurs.
Comment: Fantastic win for arsenal, as a united fan massive respect for arteta for making his team a lot better than last season, that man has done some incredible things has Arsenal

Keep going and hope you finish above Tottenham this season!
Comment: 4th or above and I’m happy as an Arsenal fan . It’s progress and that’ll do , I just hope we can keep up this progress and develop it further , such as gaining experience in Europe to contend for silverware .
Comment: We are one Thomas partey injury away from collapsing
Comment: For me I feel there’s no team better prepared for injuries like man city which is why man city is still top dog. Arsenal will make top 4 but they need to add depth if they really want to catch man city.
Comment: So far, it's reminding me a bit of the season when Leicester won the title. They'd keep pulling out these unexpected wins and everyone would say 'but it won't last' but against all odds, it did.

If Arsenal just keep beating what's infront of them then there's no reason they can't win the title, as long as some of the other teams are taking points off each other and Arsenal's squad comes back fresher than the others after the World Cup (I don't think they have too many players going to Qatar) then this could be their season.

I'd be interested in a breakdown of the top 6-8 expected clubs and how many of their players will be playing in Qatar, as I think that will have a big impact on the second half of the league season.
Comment: Going by the fact that they lost to manure, I would say no

Need to see how they perform against the big boys. I can see pool and City will eat them alive
Comment: They’ll finish top four but are still a few years away from seriously challenging for the title.

They’ve played only one “big six” match and look how that went for us. The boys need more experience and they need to be able to prove they can do it against the best teams in the league.
Comment: I wonder how people feel about Mikel Arteta still. I know last season he was in a lot of heat because of the teams form but with the newer players it seems to be working out pretty well. I don’t follow the team as much because of work but I’m not sure if there’s been a tactical change or if it’s just the players fitting the scheme of things now.
Comment: Is this "Of course Leicester won't go all the way", Arteta's version? I had chills typing this. 

PS. Still looking for Liverpool and the season doing a dramatic turnaround.
Comment: Jesus saved Arsenal
Comment: Gooners to win the premier league trophy by the end of september!
Comment: Still can't see your tweets Ivan

Comment: I love when new teams get promoted.
Comment: Brentford are a fantastically well run club who play an exciting brand of football.

Their fans are some of the most insufferable  I’ve dealt with in my lifetime.

Their manager is an arrogant bastard, Canos is just a cunt.

They’re gonna be a great addition to the Premier League, can’t wait!

Congratulations Brentford.
Comment: Congrats! Such a long wait is over, must be an ecstatic day for the bees fans, enjoy every second of it, see youns next year!
Comment: congratulations to Brentford! at long last after years of trying in the playoffs
Comment: Two fans, who witnessed Brentford when they relegated from 1947 first division, was present in the Wembley

And one of the guy never missed a single home game in 85 years it seems
Comment: New Stadium in FIFA 22, I hope Brentford enjoy the Prem next season but I think they will go straight back down and finish 19th as 20th is Reserved for Norwich
Comment: r/championship is in the mud rn
Comment: Absolutely fantastic. Brilliant team and always nice to see new faces. I wish them well for next season.
Comment: MC Grinda approves
Comment: Ivan Toney officially in the prem!
Comment: Well happy for them 

The two old boys made me emotional, baring in mind one missed a home game as he had national service.
Comment: I miss Jansson, luckily he also gets to play PL football now.
Comment: Always had a soft spot for Brentford, and considering they were in League 2 as late as 2009 it really is an achievement, plus, it’s always great to see a new face in the premier league
Comment: Congrats to the Bees. Very glad to have a new West London Derby next season. Brentford Community will be a nice easy away day.
Comment: Was lucky to be at Wembley today. Incredible support from everyone watching. Hope we don't break derbys record
Comment: Ooooo new arrivals

I see them finishing 12th next season if there best players aren’t picked off
Comment: Boom! Lyrical blow to ya jaw!
Comment: Love it. Another London team in the league, and 74 years since The Bees were last in the top flight.
Comment: Congratulations to the Bees!!!
Comment: 🔥

Comment: Stop trying to make Romeo Beckham happen.
Comment: "Brentford boss Thomas Frank has previously made it clear that he values Romeo in the squad"

That should read.

"Brentford boss Thomas Frank has previously made it clear that he values David Beckham's son in the squad"
Comment: Kinda like Lebron James’ kid being used by nba teams for views
Comment: Genuine question, has he looked out of his depth when playing for Brentford B?
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Why? They have Sommer who was good last season, and Neuer who has just come back from injury: not to mention they are focusing on using their €100m-ish budget for a striker
Comment: He was screwed over by Brentford tbf. Wanted outrageous money for him even though they had his replacement and he had one year left. He had Tottenham and United but they’ve now gotten other options and he’s just going to go sit on bench.
Comment: After seeing the Onana deal, I don’t think there is a 40 mil market for Raya, but that is the value the club has attached to him. They seem content to keep him through the end of contract if they don’t get that. Brentford higher ups have done a great job in the market so I trust them to make the right decision. 

That being said, I wouldn’t be surprised to see a deal for around 30mil + add ons now that Brentford has had a chance to see what the market is for Raya and the fact some destinations have dried up. I think Bayern would be a good fit as Raya is a solid sweeper keeper (great article: https://www.espn.com/soccer/story/_/id/37675742/brentfords-david-raya-why-being-goalkeeper-toughest-job-football)

I’d personally would be happy with that considering  the club paid about 3.5 mil for him and he’s done an amazing job for us. He deserves consistent European football and an actual chance to become Spain’s #1.
Comment: I know that they’re not a poor club but if they’re going to get cane for 80+ him for 40 and they’ve already bought two other players or three? Are they spending close to 200 million. This is very interesting. If I were David I would move without even blinking.
Comment: They spoke to him about Mané's 40m move to Saudi Arabia?
Comment: Daily fail back at it again
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I’d take him over Ramsdale any day of the week! Shocked more teams aren’t in for Raya

Comment: On OP’s face
Comment: Not sure, but I am sure Toney could get you the best odds!
Comment: I hear Cristiano Ronaldo might be going spare?
Comment: That won't happen.
Comment: Is this why he didn’t make the England squad?
Comment: Might be worth asking Toney the odds on that?
Comment: Well time to drop him from my FPL team...
Comment: As an arsenal fan…. I love Ivan toney, hope the PL stops being shit and let’s him play. Almost every team has a player with SA allegations, yet gambling is where they draw the line??? They’ve been watching too much American football
Comment: So now we know why he wasn't taken to Qatar.
Comment: Hopefully they don’t get fucked over too much, especially with everything higher clubs have got away with the last few years
Comment: 13-16
Comment: i don't see the issue with betting on yourself to do things you're supposed to be doing

a striker backs himself to score?

what's the controversy?
Comment: Didn't Trippier get a 10 week ban and that involved him betting on matches he was involved in? I might be mistaken.

But if true, and if Toney hasn't done that, then surely his ban won't be more.
Comment: And that’s why gambling is for bums
Comment: ask toney he's now boss at bet365 but don't tell the fa
Comment: Their kit sponsor is "Hollywood Bets" lol.
Comment: january window round the corner- just bring in a new front man- even if hes not as clinical it'll still be good, i reckon if they find the right replacement in january they finish 13th
Comment: Relegation maybe
Comment: They would defo be in a religation scrap
Comment: Top of the league

Comment: Leeds the Old wolves.
Comment: And we’re the old Leeds. Hello championship 🥲
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Only when the Irish guy makes a bet to get an Ivan toney tattoo on him will it be So.
Comment: Norwich are the same norwich
Comment: no, leeds are different, to me Brentford looks like the Sheffield United when they 1st came up
Comment: Good talk
Comment: I like Brentford
Comment: Leeds are the new Sheffield United
Comment: No. They won't be a decent mid-table club.
Comment: Brentford are what Leeds always wanted to be
Comment: Brentford won arsenal and man united, it will makes traditional big 6 or big 4 shake
Comment: Nah Brentford are the real deal. Leeds are battling for premiership survival after fighting to even qualify for premiership qualification. Brentford have battled up from league Two over the last decade, they are here to stay. Leeds will be relegated by the end of this season.
Comment: Cunts

