Comment: soooo .. how long before is he gonna be connected with Chelsea?
Comment: What's with these young guys and edging?
Comment: Jokes aside, that's insanely young to coach a Premier League team, very interested to see how he copes with that pressure at such a young age.
Comment: Someone’s been watching Ted Lasso
Comment: Dang. I was looking forward to seeing how well he could navigate St Pauli through the Bundesliga. I hope they replace him with the right type of manager to lead them to survival in their first season back in the top flight.
Comment: 31? Wow
Comment: Please tell me if he plays football manager or not!
Comment: Ahh yes our (chelsea) next manager
Comment: I wish him good luck and I'm happy Brighton didn't go back for Potter. He did them dirty how he abandoned them. 
Comment: Mentioning that he’s “American” Is rather clickbaity
Comment: Definitely done an amazing job at St Pauli just going by results (completely turned their season around last year, and finished top this year with a much less fancied team), and seems like a very savvy pick up by BHA (although I can’t pretend to know a lot about the guy or even watched St Pauli play under him). 
Comment: American? He has triple citizenship. We can quite confidently call him ANYTHING ANYWHERE ANYTIME
Comment: I’m excited for him, but the headline is a bit TMI about his edging
Comment: He’ll also be the youngest ever manager sacked in the PL in February next year
Comment: His younger than me.

Feeling old now.

But who is this guy
Comment: Don't you dare, Boehly/Eghbali
Comment: St Paul...is he a priest ?
Comment: Clubs are now going for young coaches. I wonder if this the new trend.
Comment: Brighton bosses taking the piss a bit too much with this one I think.
Comment: Fair play to him for taking on such a challenge at such a young age, hope he smashes it! I can't think of many success stories at that age, 1 I do know is Alex Ferguson was a similar age when he took the St Mirren job.

Comment: Nice to see another fan. 

Realistically a top ten finish is a good achievement imo. A Europa League run will be a huge additional burden and still reservations about how to fill the Caicedo gap. We are a good team though, and think De Zerbi is our ace in the hole- an utterly exceptional manager who I think we would be lucky to get a third season with.
Comment: I don't see them any higher than they finished in the Prem. I can see them doing exceptionally well in Europa though. Perhaps even a dark horse to win the tournament.
Comment: I believe they will get the treble this year
Comment: Top the league and win the cup
 Dream on the season’s young!!
Comment: The thing with last years success was that a lot of guys had a rise out of the blue. Now teams will know what these players tendencies are and will be well planned for. Imo you’re currently asking a lot of the CM options you have, if I’m not mistaken Dahoud was injured a lot at Dortmund. Need to find a good replacement for Caicedo. De Zerbi is impressive, if he has another good season I wouldn’t be shocked if big clubs come calling for him. 

I’d expect you to get back to Europe this season, and Europa league all depends about the luck of the draw. You’ll probably get out of the group stage and then we’d have to see who’s drops out of the Champions League. Wouldn’t be shocked if you make it out of the first knockout stage of the Europa, again it all depends on your draw.
Comment: Liverpool fan and I have 3 Brighton players in my fantasy prem team. I had been a fan of Mitoma after he replaced Trossard and has been fun to watch. March is consistent goal scorer of late especially. Estupinan looks like he could walk into a lot of top teams in Europe. The Seagulls are a breath of fresh air.
Comment: I think they’ll finish top 8 and make it to the knockouts of the Europa League.  Depending on the draw, could see them going out in the round of 32 or making it to the quarters.  Good runs in at least one domestic cup too I would expect.
Comment: Liverpool - Brighton Final in Dublin. See you guys there.
Comment: As high as 4 and as low as 10.
Comment: I'll go out on a limb and say their ceiling is Top 3 with a Semi-Finals berth in the Europa;

Worst case scenario is 12th and out of the first knockout stage.
Comment: Brighton can easily challenge fourth, they can easily finish fourteenth, this league is crazy. Selling their best players and European football can catch up with them, also people are too reactionary when it comes to Di Zerbi, we'll know more about how good he is as a manager this season, I've seen managers do well short term then once they have a proper summer to sign their players and properly flesh out their system they fall apart. But if they pick up where they left off fighting for Champions League is up there for them.
Comment: Just enjoy watching them play. Presently my favourite team to watch still, loved them last season - they play great football
Comment: He is definitely a top 5 manager.

This season could be even more successful than last one, if they keep the current  form and get some luck here and there it could be a top 4, if not I don’t see them anywhere bellow 8
Comment: Fucking hate em, they battered us
Comment: 1 thing for sure, Brighton has an extremely competent scouting team that brought in talents who flew below the radar. They been selling their key players but have no problem replacing them with no rep players that stepped up to be the star players of the team. Of cos huge credit to the manager as well who everyone thinks will sink the ship when the ex manager left. The team did even better under him. Really just a matter of time before 1 of the top teams poached him.
Comment: I'd say a top 8 finish could be possible for them. I think they're going to be feeling the loss of Mac Allister and Caicedo quite a bit but that could spur others to step up. Really excited to see Enciso develop, he's got potential to be great.

Love the way they play and am impressed by and jealous of their scouting team for sure. Def rooting for them to do well this season (just not too well 😉)
Comment: Optimistically, I could see top 4. Realistically, 6-8 isn't expecting too much.
Comment: I hope you get fourth from an arsenal fan. And you definitely can. It's just if Liverpool can kick on, Chelsea get some rhythm and then if Newcastle can handle ucl and the prem(doubt Newcastle can yet) united too look weak for now but early days. If Brighton can maintain the performances it's definitely possible. But Brighton will need to take significant points in the games against those other top 4 contenders. Anfield, Newcastle, old Trafford, youd be happy to take a point there no matter who you are. But Brighton might need more than a point in these grounds to secure a top 4 spot
Comment: I reckon the top teams will be taking more points off each other this year (ie, not so heavily weighted in favour of City and Arsenal) which could potentially create a space in the top 6 for Brighton to slip in to.

Hard to say how they will fare in Europe without seeing the route. I don't think they have the squad depth to compete in both, so towards the end of the season, you may see them prioritise one completion over another.
Comment: We will win the league and the Europa league

Sell our best players to the highest bidders

Then do the quintuple next season with a bunch of randoms we bought for nothing but are all ballon d’or level

Comment: De Zerbi masterclass
Comment: What’s the record for fewest in a season?
Comment: It’s genuinely amazing to see this stat and see that they’re in 8th, having only lost 5 of the 19 played. I don’t know if it’s good, bad or both, but it’s definitely amazing!
Comment: they go 2 goals up and they start making risky passes. Zero clean sheet comes from these risky passes.. They are their own worst enemy.
Comment: Need more teams like this who don't care about defending. Makes the game more entertaining.
Comment: Clean sheets don't matter. What matters is you score more than the other team.

It's just like possession. Doesn't matter how long you have it, what matters is what you do with it.
Comment: And we're somehow behind Man U who are 7th with a -4 goal difference
Comment: Still above Chelsea and 1 point below Man U
Comment: Ballers
Comment: [RDZ response](https://media1.tenor.com/m/WBSt2gcsNVMAAAAC/we-dont-care.gif)
Comment: They are frustrating, and if I were RDZ I would be fuming, they had a chance to get one yesterday, Spurs was out of it after the 4th goal and they conceded and that gave Spurs hope and their tails were up after the second goal, Spurs could have scored the 3rd had they kept their calm. I hate them for letting Spurs get back in the game. They are not serious.
Comment: Brighton games with Both teams to score, a literal money printer
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Don’t worry you’ll get one in a few days
Comment: The bloke next to me said "mate, we're gonna get a clean sheet finally" and then we immediately conceded

Eventually it'll happen, just have to not be self aware about it

Comment: It's in my interest for Liverpool to lose, but that yellow on Mac Allister is the softest card I've seen in ages
Comment: Ref having a shocker.
Comment: Again useless refs, wtf are these fouls
Comment: I am so so so surprised at the level of incompetence and inconsistency when it comes to refereeing.
Comment: Incompetent refs. Something has to be done. Teams getting massively f’ed by a bunch clowns. Really impacting the game. It’s actually ruining it now.
Comment: Ynwa
Comment: agent welbeck
Comment: Commentators never mention Salah again with a shocking pass gives ball away , Brighton score, I know, great player & scores another great goal.
Comment: I was considering watching this game but decided against it since it's midnight here and I'll probably fall asleep. Looks like I missed out
Comment: WELBZ
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I might be a bit biased as an Arsenal supporter but 5 yellow cards for tactical fouls during Brighton counter attacks really made this game unenjoyable for me. This systematic fouling in conjunction with 5 subs really make it easy to get away with aswell. Thoughts?
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Is everyone going to come out and say Salah should have been carded in the 55th minute?

Felt contact and went to go ground to try and get an undeserved penalty, very similar to what Havertz did.

Isn't that a yellow card according to the Key Match Incidents panel?

Note: for the record, this challenge traditionally never gets a yellow card. But after all fuss over Havertz, it seems that people disagreed with him escaping a (second) yellow card.

Comment: Good choice mate! Brighton is certainly most people’s 2nd favorite team, after their own team.
Comment: Yes! But then I did grow up here. What city are you in out of interest?
Comment: Brighton is really fun to watch. They’re underdogs in games against top 6 but there is a big chance they can beat them
Comment: I'm sure the 3 of you will have a good time.
Comment: If you were a City fan, there'd be an obvious joke to make in response to this post, but alas
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: they're really good since last season so excellent choice. There's a kid from my country Julio Enciso, watch this kid
Comment: Yea mate I am
Comment: Good choice, great team. They really have grown so much the last few years. I had a season ticket to the Amex the first year they came up, alot of hard games that season. So happy they stayed up and have build something special. I lived it Brighton for 5 years, its an awesome place to visit in the summer 👍
Comment: Cmon Brighton 🔵⚪️
Comment: Thanks for last night, shut them up for a bit.
Comment: probably the best time to be a Brighton fans, they’re building something big there
Comment: Hell yes. American here. Had the pleasure of living in Brighton for 4 years. 


When they were still basically dogshit. 

You picked a magical time my friend
Comment: Yes, I'm
Comment: Hello, I'm from the Denver, CO area. There's a Stateside Seagulls location here, but I'm not sure about the turnout since it's a pain for me to get to. You should consider getting your pub listed as a [watch party](https://statesideseagulls.com/where-to-watch-with-us/) location with Stateside Seagulls, maybe you'd draw in some fellow PA fans.
Comment: I'm in the US, and decided to jump on the BHA train, mainly cuz of their Ecuadorian players. Their players and staff seem like they have their heads on straight, good team to grow with. Also like wolves and Leicester. Have to respect Tottenham too, Kane n Son are classy players, fun to watch.
Comment: I’m not but I live 15 mins away so know many.
Comment: Cant be many fans around.
Comment: That’s a negative
Comment: I can't see many Northerners liking Brighton, far too many Tories

Comment: Bayern will sigh him. It’s no coincidence Tuchel announced yesterday he will not come back next season despite negotiations to convince him to rescind the previous agreement of separation.
Comment: Should be an interesting rotation of managers, plenty of them becoming available now. De Zerbi, Tuchel, Allegri, Moyes, Potter, Conte, Mourinho, Rafa Benitez

Open Jobs: Brighton, Bayern, Juventus, Feyenoord, Milan, Napoli
Comment: People forget they lost Caciedo, McCallister and Sanchez, were hit with loads of injuries, and played in Europe did this season. Yet they are on course to finish in the top 10. Class manager.
Comment: I’m just saying, but Anchelotti went to Everton.. Tuchel to Brighton?
Comment: De Zerbi to Bayern
Comment: The man needs to bathe in the waters of the river Styx in order to withstand the pressure of Bayern’s current shitshow.
Comment: Potter back to Brighton then
Comment: Potter In
Comment: Got so unlucky with the injuries this season but did a lot with so little. I swear everytime I thought he was down and out he had an ace up his sleeve. Lost Trossard? Had Mitoma. Lost Caicedo, Had Baleba. Lost Mitoma, had Adingra. Such a great tactical mind and hope he finds his home soon. I always liked his battles with Pep or Arteta because he never moaned after a defeat or gloated after a win. Had a lot of respect for his opponents. Brighton fans will be gutted, Palace fans will be thrilled.
Comment: Won same points as Dyche despite having far better players at his disposal, especially in midfield and attack. 

One season wonder.
Comment: And go where? Lol
Comment: He’s a Milan fan. It’ll be Milan no?
Comment: another man stolen by sir Jim , I'm a EtH fan but certainly this his sub and he leavin'
Comment: That’s quite a bummer, not all clubs are big enough to say no to Bayern
Comment: Always admired him at West Brom
Comment: Too many emotional outbursts from him for Tony Bloom and Paul Barber, who like to run a tight lipped ship under the radar.  And not enough flash cash for Roberto... too impatient for a long term project like Brighton, wants it all now. 

A most honourable sacking I think.
Comment: De Zerbi to Chelsea.  
Poch to United.  
Ten Hag to the RV meth lab from breaking bad.
Comment: Not sure what all the hype is about.
He’s bang average, and they lost some silly games this year.

Is it just me who thinks this?
Comment: He is overrated . Graham potter made that team.
Comment: Could absolutely see him being the next Bologna manager. I don’t know why it’s barely being speculated because it makes more sense to me than most other rumours.

Comment: They’re certainly one of the clubs that are transitioning to a more attractive style. I hope they succeed. Always a fan of progressive football vs parking the bus. Plus have to wish Adam Lallana well.
Comment: Graham Potter is a really good manager. Not only footballing wise but as a well rounded good person too. He did some really interesting stuff with his players when he was in Sweden, like develop their personality and life outside of football, as they were a pretty amateurish club if I remember correctly.

I really hope he does well, and I think he will.
Comment: Im confused why Lamptey wouldn’t play tonight? Im new to watching PL...  Do the clubs rest these players for the proper PL games?
Comment: I would be surprised to see Brighton go below top 10 this year.  Sheffield and Wolves are having shaky start.  I can see Wolves springing back up now that Semedo is with them though.
Comment: No one knows those teams bro they are on the level of the guys that play football in my backyard bro
Comment: Lewis Dunk is a sex offender

Comment: City did it before it was cool.
Comment: Put a bunch of dummies in the lower stands as well, just to make it extra creepy.
Comment: Man city should start doing this week in week out.
Comment: If they are doing this, why not paint the seats green and CGI in whatever crowd they like- buncha stoned hippies at Woodstock, a baying horde at a Roman colosseum, 60,000 of those weird North Korea fans who all clapped in unison or the aliens when Thor fought hulk at Jeff Goldblums. 

If you are going to fake it, you may as well go all out.
Comment: If we can only watch by streaming an empty stadium this may help make it more entertaining. Did anyone watch the PSG dortmund game? It was a bit boring with nobody in the crowd
Comment: I saw a game that had that a few weeks back, forgot which league, maybe serie a or something. Very bizarre but understandable at the same time.
Comment: Seems weird. Although Sheffield Wednesday used to play crowd noises even with a crowd, speakers in different places in the ground.
Comment: so we're having sitcom laugh tracks, but for sports in stadiums? i love a good throwback
Comment: Anyone thought of members being able to log in and their voices being part of a crowd that is played in the stream? A way of implementing a crowd without all being together?
Comment: Remember when Arsenal did this?

[The North Bank redevelopment](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C-hA-KzXUAA2MnU.jpg)
Comment: Man City we’re already doing it
Comment: These comments are straight out of /r/soccercirclejerk

DAE Emptihad????😂😂😂😂😂😅👌🏻😜😜😜😜❗️❗️❗️
Comment: Man City do this
Comment: Just stream the game and let people join via videoconferencing and play that over the PA. Problem solved!
Comment: What was that Italian club that had put printed banners with people in the stands? I think it was a couple of years ago and it happened during a supporters strike.
Comment: Like a laugh track on a shitty sitcom? Hard pass.
Comment: Just ask EA if they have some cardboard figures from the old FIFA games, that should do it together with the fake sound
Comment: Will the sound effects play  Brighton or Chelsea chants?
Comment: insert city joke here
Comment: Can't we do like a fan video thing on the screens? Allowing people to buy online passes to essentially FaceTime onto the screens, each person is a miniscule dot but they all cheer together.

Comment: Another guy who will hit the ball against the post?

Comment: Thanks PGMOL, this apology makes up for the two points we lost that could be a deciding factor for winning the title or not, but it’s ok, the apology makes me quickly forgive how incredibly shit and incompetent your staff are.
Comment: Human error is understandable, forgetting to draw the fuckin lines in an offside check is either cheating or negligence. Either way it should result is whoever’s responsible bein sacked. But it won’t.
Comment: These statements would mean so much more if the referees who clearly botched the calls were suspended for the next week of games.
Comment: 2018: The VAR, the tech that will eliminate the human error mistakes made in games such as offsides and handballs.

2023: 😂😂😂
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: This is gonna be fun to revisit if Arsenal lose the title by a 1 point margin
Comment: That’s twice now that the referees have apologised for a mistake this season against Arsenal. That’s 5 points dropped. With nothing but a meaningless sorry in return…
Comment: Wait until Arsenal lose the title by a point and Brighton finish 5th by a point
Comment: And the person responsible for the human error will be back in action next weekend with no repercussion
Comment: Fuck off! Get those incompetent twats out of the VAR rooms! Lee Mason so far has cost Arsenal 5 points this season and this cunt is still able to officiate 🤦🏻‍♂️
Comment: And the Chelsea penalty call? Oh yea, the PL doesn't care to screw Chelsea, I get it.
Comment: We need a table for referees based on points stolen. Lee Mason would be top
Comment: That one time in ten that VAR reverses an actual clear and obvious error is not worth alllll the times they “correct” a “clear and obvious error” of millimeters, to say nothing of VAR-induced errors… 

Seems worth it to “slow down the game” to catch actual clear errors or perspective issues, but for all the pearl-clutching about the slowdowns, at least f’ing get the call right when you take that break…

Edit for typo and clarity.
Comment: What about the handball in the chelsea game? That potter thought was ‘a fine call’ 😂
Comment: Thanks, but it won't give us our 2 points back.
Comment: The point of VAR was to eliminate human error. Take your fucking time to watch the replays at every angle, this is unacceptable. They should be fired, not suspended. Sent on their way like Jesse Marsch was.
Comment: Here's the fucked up part that we all know. The point of VAR is for a human being to take all the technology and time afforded him to make the goddamn correct decision. We can all forgive refs and linesman (sorry, assistant referees) for making mistakes in the moment. But when you give an official of the game 10 different angles and a plethora of technological gadgets to help, he cannot fucking get it wrong, it's almost impossible to get wrong, and that's why people are upset. How does pgmol and governing bodies not grasp this simple concept.
Comment: Sack them all.
Comment: Atrocious. Completely unacceptable.
Comment: Howard Webb must be seriously regretting his enthusiastic promise of transparency right now. Not sure transparency works well alongside incompetency.

Comment: Banging. Looking forward to seeing the White, Dunk, Webster combo! My apologies to Leeds though, it's more than obvious that he loved his time with you.
Comment: Meming aside, wish him the vest of look, really want him to succeed
Comment: FrEe BeN wHiTe
Comment: As an arsenal fan I can't wait for him to take the mick out of us. Free Ben white is over😞


Comment: I predict a Moyes Masterclass and Arteta demolition of Everton, for us to win on the final day

(I have recently been kicked in the head by a horse)
Comment: It was only a few weeks ago it felt like every "race" was going to go to the final day. The title, UCL qualification, Europe and relegation but Burnley and Sheffield United are already relegated, Luton need a 12 GD swing to survive so they are pretty much gone too.

Tottenham and Manchester United both shit the bed and handed a stumbling Aston Villa 4th. Liverpool also lost their momentum which meant the title race was a 1v1 and City don't lose 1v1's.

The only thing undecided is who out of Tottenham, Chelsea, Newcastle and Manchester United get Europa, Conference and no Europe at all. Tottenham have Sheffield so they should be able to secure 5th (and Europa) and Chelsea only need 1 point against Bournemouth to finish 6th (which will be Europa League if City in the FA Cup), so even that "race" should be pretty straight forward. So it's pretty much Newcastle v Mancheaster United for finishing 7th.

I predict the top 9 and bottom 6 don't move places at the end of the day. So basically the only thing the final day is changing is who finishes 10th-14th.
Comment: City tend to make hard work of their title deciders, but I can't see any slip-ups on Sunday. I'd love a day full of twists, turns and drama. But I'm going for a straightforward 3-0 win for City. Sorry folks.
Comment: It was a good season, really proud of the guys, but we need to get better. City at this point is just too good. They deserved the title
Comment: Congrats to 115fc  on their premier league win*

*Investigation pending
Comment: May as well try to speak it into existence: Arsenal beat Everton, City draw to West Ham, Palace beat Villa, and Spurs beat Sheffield United.
Comment: If only Arsenal had 115 charges against them😫
Comment: Premier League has become a bit boringly predictable. City cheat financial rules and win titles on the trot. Whereas, Everton and Forest get their cases settled in the same year. Murky corruption. Must feel a bit dirty to be a City fan. Yeah, you won, again, but not on the same terms as everyone else. Maybe it’s time for a secondary PL table, with cheats excluded. Let’s see the results on a level playing field.
Comment: Congrats to Man city for another title I guess
Comment: Soon in the news... Premier League teams rushing to change their votes on VAR.
Comment: If I was an Arsenal fan I’d be thinking like it’s not happening and I can only be pleasantly surprised. Those fans who think they’re going to do it are deluded. 

But anything is possible in football.
Comment: Nobody ever tells me Foden doesn't deserve POTY again
Comment: Just in case people didn’t know, Everton scored
Comment: Congrats to City on their 4th title on the bouce. It is what it is.
Comment: Well, we tried.

Time for bed.
Comment: Hopefully the premier league will take their finger out and address the City case before they make it 5 in a row
Comment: Something tells me that Foden isn’t done yet!
Comment: I love how Arsenal fans were like just need west ham to win forgetting that this isn't 2004 and they can lose
Comment: City are probably going to win their fourth in a row and the only people who care are the broadcasters lol.
Comment: What a boring final matchday

Comment: Every club in the Premier League has 11 good players. The true test is the attrition over the season, not the first month.
Comment: Potter has done a great job at the club. I definitely see them getting top 8. It is very early in the season, so who knows what might happen.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Brighton have been looking good thus far, but we're only 6 matches into this season and anything could happen really.

We've seen so many teams exhibit good forms early on only to fall and tumble down the league table, Everton & Southampton during the 20/21 season comes to mind. 

So it's still too early to tell whether they are contenders for the Europa League, but I'm cheering them on nevertheless, hope they get a top 6 finish at least!
Comment: Brighton have a chance at top 7, Hove Albion on the other hand have no shot

Apologies. They can finish 7th for sure, so yeah they can make Europe. I’m impressed they’re getting results but more impressed how dominant they’ve been in virtually every match. Besides the Fulham match they’ve dominated everyone they’ve played.
Comment: Brighton play the best football in the league right now
Comment: I honestly don't see any stronger team than them outside the top 6. I'm rooting for them to get Conference League spot
Comment: They’re legit.
Comment: I feel like they had the same fantastic start last season and pooped out halfway through. It's a long loaf.
Comment: They’ve looked good the last 2-3 season, I’ve enjoyed watching them play top tier or bottom of the league teams
Comment: First year I'm really getting into PL. Always loved football but was really accessible in the states until recently. Also I now own a pub and we host PL stuff so I have people to enjoy it with. Everyone has been vying for the pub staff's favoritism on a team. We've stay neutral because it's safer lol. But for whatever inexplicable reason I'm really leaning towards Brighton as my team.
Comment: Firstly I want to say that Brighton have played brilliantly so far so full credit it to them however it's a long season and while I believe there's no easy games I definitely think they've had the easier side of it when compared to others. I think the three sides that will be up there competing to be the best of the rest will be Brighton, Newcastle and West Ham I think it's pretty telling that of those three Brighton, who are in 4th have had the easiest run of fixtures, Newcastle, who are 11th, have had a harder run of fixtures, are mid table and West Ham who have had a harder run of fixtures as well, are bottom of the table. 

Both Newcastle and West Ham have took a point of a big six teams, West Ham should've took against another and while Brighton did beat Man U everyone knows Man U were not the side they are now. If Brighton want to be the best of the rest they'll have to do that as well which tbf they did pretty well at least season.

Tldr it's too early to tell.
Comment: Potentially, although they also had a good start last season and then fell away, so if they have learnt from that, I hope they can.
Comment: Soso the Europe league perhaps
Comment: Ik we've been good but am still surprised we beat them tbh
Comment: They need to find a consistent goal scorer. I still don’t think they have that in their squad. They’ve been getting goals from a lot of players so far, hard to keep that going for a full season.
Comment: Europa league
Comment: Possibly this year especially if they can actually convert a better % of the chances they create. The problem for them would be be the following season when they're in europe and face the attrition of a full season in europe plus the league plus the cup competitions. Ask west ham last year or wolves a few years back it's a great accomplishment to make europe if you're not one of the traditional "big 6" but it can kill you in the league, especially later in the year if you keep advancing in europe. 

With all that being said I don't see any reason why they couldn't be right there with newcastle and maybe west ham for that 7/8 spot which would get at least conference league. Really just need to put away a lot of their chances
Comment: Reading the replies to this I think people are underestimating how good of a manager Graham Potter is, by far the best manager outside of the Big 6 (I would even put him ahead of a certain someone). Yes, you can’t judge a club by the first 5 games but Potter has been consistent throughout his whole managerial career and I expect Brighton to at least get Conference League.
Comment: If they continue with the current momentum.

Comment: As a Chelsea fan lets just get this over with and give Brighton the 170m now
Comment: This kid will be worth 50M+ in a year or two
Comment: Most Scottish looking Argentinian I’ve ever seen
Comment: Could describe it as an offer they can't refuse.
Comment: Watch the FIFA/FM fans come on here like they're experts on him.....
Comment: Hey this is just like my football manager save
Comment: He's going to be a superstar
Comment: This guy is amazing in FM24. Can play IWB or CM really well.
Comment: Nice.
Comment: I feel it is a huge mistake on City's part not to bid for him, but well, they'll know better.

Barco is a great player, he's got the makings of a leader and a hunger for glory, and he's very skilful. Boca's jersey is very heavy, and not everyone is up to the task.
Comment: One of my favorite bargain buys in EA Sports FC career mode. 

Kids going to be a star in real life.
Comment: Boehly will preorder him on an 11 year contract for 133m
Comment: Well the last Barco to come out of Argentina didn’t really live up to expectations…
Comment: estupinians predecessor 🤩🤩
Comment: Avg Brighton South American bargain
Comment: Let's hope he can bring a boat load of goals.
Comment: Is Romano asleep or something?
Comment: I watched a lot of the copa this year, and thought.. this kid will be in the EPL soon.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: [deleted]




Comment: We will see. Might might not ...

Comment: Best league in the world!
Comment: It was a fun day watching the games while working.
Comment: This is why you've got to love promotion/relegation - keeps things interesting when otherwise teams would have stopped trying.
Comment: Defense optional in the Prem today.
Comment: Bruh this Brighton and Everton performance is one week too early.
Comment: Almost as much as Chelsea scored this season.
Comment: Why is this labelled as Spurs..? 
Oh wait…
Comment: What’s a goal?
Comment: Lemme guess: United had the day off
Comment: I wish i had a multiple bet with over 2.5 goals on the 3 games :(
Comment: Amazing how they play like Barcelona when they face the hard cold face of relegation.
Comment: Unbelievable performances. Fighting to stay up is one heck of a boost
Comment: Not bad for a bank holiday Monday with a few beers.
Comment: Yes but United were not playing so bound to be goals




Comment: As a Citizen, you know exactly what we're thinking
Comment: As a united fan, I think we should/must win, although there have been 1 or 2 upsetsin recent years. Dangerman: groß and maupay
Key player:matty Ryan
Comment: Used to be an easy fixture but Brighton are improving a lot.
Comment: You guys are massively underrated imo. Graham Potter has done a fantastic job. I wouldn’t be surprised if you guys get a point against Chelsea
Comment: Usually pretty weary of Groß and now I think most teams will have to respect Maupay as well. Dan Burn and Lewis Dunk are quality defenders too
Comment: I love your sponsor on your t-shirt.
Comment: I'm a United fan, and I think people underrate you. Like Burnly, everyone thinks that 'this will be the year that you go down' but since Potter has taken over, they look a good side. Thought it was weird to see someone like Mooy almost in a winger's position, but it works. Great chemistry, and the play often flows nicely. Reckon you'll finish about 13th, Lallana is a good replacement (if fit). Think your club is in a much better state then Newcastle or West Ham.

Main problem is that, when you don't pull off upsets against the big six, you often seem to loose quite badly (4-1, 3-1 or 5-0), which I think doesn't accurately represent your side's ability (you are going to beat Utd 3-1 now aren't you). You are also very lucky to have Mat Ryan.
Comment: As an arsenal fan I am just waiting for Leno to obliterate neal maupay to the upper hemisphere and for guenduzi to push him into all of artetas trophies
Comment: Tough game, I follow alot of teams but like Spurs & it seems as though they always play in the rain too
Comment: It could go anyway honestly Brighton are a weird team to play against it doesnt matter if we are favorites thats why they will stay in the top divisom for at least 5 more years
Comment: they r my second team and local team and i am so proud that they have stayed up and they do have a good team however, as Chelsea is my main team, I'm haven't been too scared to face them, but I am for Monday!
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, I still hate Alireza Jahanbakhsh for robbing us of two points at the end of the game with an outrageous bicycle kick. Those two points would have seen us finish above United.

Jokes aside, you guys have a good squad and I’m looking forward to seeing how we perform against you tomorrow.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Easy win and I hope maupay gets fucking clattered
Comment: I think 3 points for us

Comment: ... what?
Comment: Well I hope mods don’t need any “incentive payment” to remove this
Comment: Is this like some sort of joke post?

