Comment: You know a team that deserves relegation more than Burnley? Manchester City.
Comment: No club has ever deserved to be relegated more than Everton.

It’s not just that they suck.  It’s that they spent all that money and cheated and still suck.
Comment: Reckon man city deserve relegation more than burnley
Comment: Man City do
Comment: They'll walk the Championship again next season with practically the same team with added parachute payment and experience then be mid table the following. The Fulham model if you will.

Relegation and Promotion is practically a side hustle for the likes of Burnley, Fulham, West Brom, Norwich, Sheff Utd etc these days. Their owners are generally happy to make money and consider themselves one of the top 24 teams in the country.
Comment: Kompany doesn't get the criticism he deserves. Unsure why, maybe as he's a big name, but he gets nowhere near the stick he should do.
Comment: Dyche’s Burnley > Kompany’s Burnley
Comment: If Kompany can tell me how to stop these constant fucking adverts for that shit new Bob Marley film then Burnley deserve to get 100 points added on
Comment: Pointless and a lack of understanding of the basic concept of the premier league. 

You can't play attacking free flowing football in the premier league after promotion. We are weak, not disciplined and have less quality that the other 17 clubs that were in the league last year. 

Playing football manager and buying just kids but without the save reload option. 

Oh and whoever thought we could play 38 games without a left back needs the sack. Charlie Taylor was #2 last year in the champ and is no longer up to the level.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: I do have to question the defensive abilities of a team that, apparently, doesn’t realise that you can’t be offside from a throw in.
Comment: Promoted side struggling to prevent goals being scored against them at home by a title contender? And this is news because?
Comment: We beat Burnley 4-1. They are the worst team in the league IMO
Comment: I'm an Arsenal fan and of course I was happy with the win today but I was genuinely shocked at how bad Burnley were today. They pretty much gifted us everything and put up very little effort. Funnily enough, I actually think their goalkeeper Trafford was an exception (despite the scoreline). 

Am I harsh, Burnley fans? I don't hate on your club BTW and I don't watch them every week but, yeah I couldn't believe how shit they were.
Comment: I don’t like the way Kompany has managed this season.

The way he’s playing just screams he’s in it for himself.

No way were this Burnley team going to stay up playing that style of football.

But Kompany gets to be praised for being “brave and sticking to principles”.

Clear he doesn’t care that much about the club and is just using it as an opportunity to advertise himself for a “bigger job”.
Comment: Maybe Kompany isn't the genius everyone thought?
Comment: Trying to play like Man City with a mixture of good Championship and below average PL players was naive and never going to work.
Comment: They're not one of the sides that _truly_ deserves relegation. That's a couple of other clubs.
Comment: Norwich City definitely deserve to be relegated from the EPL
Comment: I don't remember ever seeing a Premier League team that are this bad against the top sides. Even teams like Luton, Blackpool, Huddersfield, Wigan had the odd good game against big teams. All the players fighting for every ball, aggression, crowd getting involved. Burnley literally just roll over and do nothing as soon as they play a big side. Truly awful.

Comment: The worst take I've read in a long time
Comment: Who taught Big Sam how to make reddit posts?
Comment: Lmao his style got them to the prem
Comment: Burnley were free to sack him at any time, you somehow have forgot this. A young manager is better served to stick to his principles and find out if there is a way out of a bad situation through the principles, rather than abandoning them at the first sign of trouble.

The real fuck up is that the squad they have in the Premier League isn't necessarily better than the one they had in the Championship and that's after all that money spent.
Comment: He didn’t force his way into the Burnley job. Presumably someone knew what his style was and gave him the job anyway. 

He coached Burnley the same way all season. There were 38 opportunities for someone to sack him and move onto a different manager but he stayed in place. He manages how he manages; if those up top aren’t happy it’s their job to change that. 

Of course he’s thinking of his own future. Who isn’t?
Comment: This is such a dumb take. 

A: That style helped his team win the Championship. Is he supposed to bin it off entirely? He tried to keep that momentum going. 

B: Winning and reputation attracts big clubs not playing a bit of possession based football 

C: Kompany owes Burnley nothing. He took them up and they went back down. If he were to get the Bayern offer he’d be insane to turn it down and any right minded Burnley fan would know that.
Comment: Burnley fans should be happy that Burnley got all the Premier League TV money plus the parachute payment without spending stupid money in a desperate attempt to stay up. 

Plus, Kompany has a contract that runs until 2028 (!!!!!) so if another club takes him, they can extract a decent buyout fee.
Comment: I think you meant to post this in one of the circle jerk subs...
Comment: So you’re choosing to blame Kompany for being the manager he said he was and was hired to be, rather than pointing the finger at the board who chose not to sack him?

r/leopardsatemyface
Comment: Never read so much nonsense!
Comment: That's quite an impressive amount of wrong, even from a Chelsea fan.
Comment: I encourage you to reconsider this take. His jump to a big club - if that was his intention all along - would be better served by winning, not by leading your team back to the championship.
Comment: Shit take. Any club wants a manager to have an identity, or rather, impart an identity to the squad and how they play. You can't thrill and cheer at Burnley playing attacking football to win the Championship and go up, then expect them to switch to go full Big Sam the following year.
Comment: So you're saying that showing he doesn't know how or is unwilling to adapt his play, and that he doesn't know how to win games at the PL level was some kind of master plan to secure himself a job at an even higher level (team wise)? You're a fucking genius bro fair play
Comment: His goal was to be at a big club eventually. He’s one of the City internship managers and Peps likely successor.
Comment: So we’re not gonna talk about the fact that Kompany is going to jump from a relegated Burnley to managing fucking Bayern???
Comment: Lol, what is this?

How dare you attempt to play the same football that helped you romp home in the champsship  ?
You should change everything that made you. 

Is this crackpot posting?
Comment: So here’s the issue I have with this line of thinking- 

The best way to build a sustainable club at this point is to consistently play in the premier league.  So it makes sense you’d want to try to do whatever it takes to stay up, right?  Well duh of course, but here’s the caveat.   It’s not easy to stay up.  Even if you try to shithouse your way to a 17th place finish, you’re going to have to do that again and again. Why not go for it, see if you can nick a few great wins, and if not, you have a system in place to try to get back quickly
Comment: This idea that kompany set his team up to play football that was too good relative to their quality is absolute horseshit. Plenty of newly promoted teams, with far less investment and pedigree than Burnley, have come up and played *much better* football than Burnley have this season.

Playing out from the back isn't being man city, every team does it to one degree or another and neither pep nor man city invented the idea that short passes are better than long passes because they've got a higher completion rate. 

Kompany is being treated as a special case because he was an excellent player and he's a good orator. He's just a man doing a pretty nebulous job. What makes a good manager? Functionally what do they do that bad managers don't? Generally what they do is be in charge of the best teams.
Comment: Kompany been a mild success at Burnley. 
He’s left them exactly where they started, a relegated team.
But i’m sure the fans appreciated that championship season, 

101 points only 3 losses in 46 games. That’s near perfect, 94% the only better is invincible a single loss or one more over nearly 50 in 10 months of football.

Leicester lost 11, Leeds lost 10. Champ is really difficult and Burnley dominated.
Won the league at rivals Blackburn. 

Exciting style of possession ball.
Some of the players he coached have gone on to play champions league Ian Maatsen and Nathan Tella.

Picked it up at the end of the Prem season with a few draws + a double over Sheffield United to distance themselves from that embarrassing team in terms of points.

Comment: Obviously people will call me a bitter Sheffield United fan, but I feel like a lot of people are going very soft on Burnley because Kompany is generally well liked.

They were one of the best Championship sides ever and they massively outspent the two other promoted sides. People were tipping them to give a decent showing in the Prem. 

In the end, they’ve won 5 games and looked destined for the drop all season. Luton have put up more of a fight with much less financial backing and experience.

Plus add to that the fact there’s a lot of weak teams at the bottom of the table and two sides who got point deductions. I think if Kompany had showed any ability to adapt, Burnley really should have at least been fighting to stay up til the end.

I don’t know, I feel like if it wasn’t Kompany, people wouldn’t be this forgiving or ignore how much he’s spent compared to results.
Comment: Shout out Burnley board for not firing Kompany in dark times. That’s how you give message and showing you’re backing your manager. 
Comment: Misery loves Kompany
Comment: Just a reminder Kompany spent £150 million in the last 2 windows/summer windows. Compare it to how much dyche has spent at Everton (-40 mil for Gordon too) and you see how overrated Kompany always was. Casuals said everton would go down and Kompany would get like 10th
Comment: Aren’t Luton Town relegated as well? There’s no way they’re scoring 13 goals in their next game lmao
Comment: I feel like the BREAKING is a little unnecessary lol
Comment: City likely to win 4th title in a row and the 3 promoted teams straight back down despite teams above them being docked points. Premier League is a mess.
Comment: There was so much hype about them pre season
Comment: Congratulations to Burnley FC for winning the 24/25 English Football League Championship!

In all seriousness, they’ll be back. And they’ll probably have a much better run of it next time, especially if Kompany is kept on.
Comment: They’ll be in good Kompany
Comment: I was impressed with Burnley today. I thought they had good moments today. But alas it wasn't enough. They crushed it Championship but their form in the Premier League shows just how big the gap is in terms of playing football. Leicester is back so that is neat.
Comment: All three promoted sides have been well short of the standard required for the Premier League.

Sheffield United were dead on arrival given their financial situation whilst Luton have done far better than most people expected. Burnley though have been a huge disappointment. They were brilliant last season and then spent around £90m over the Summer whilst Forest have been dreadful this season. Burnley should have comfortably stayed up and yet Kompany isn't really getting much flack for their poor season.

Personally I think their transfer strategy wasn't brilliant. Too much money spent on younger players and not enough spent on established, quality players that would have been useful for them this season. The likes of Odobert, Koleosho, Ramsey, Assignon, Esteve, Trafford, etc will probably lead them straight back to promotion but they just weren't good enough this season.
Comment: They play a good style of football and didn’t spend silly money. Long term, it will benefit them.
Comment: I didn't forget people saying the league isn't ready for Kompany's Burnley at the end of last season
Comment: I think they’ll come straight up. Too good for the championship.
Comment: everyone was gassing kompany up pre-season 💀
Comment: Hope Vinnie can bring them straight back up again. When they got promoted before this season he said: "We're not 1st in the Championship, we're 21st in English football, that's why we can't rest." Which was exactly right, unfortunately, but they'll be back I'm sure.
Comment: I am not gonna lie, It gives me a little joy to know Ex Man City pompous prick got relegated
Comment: Remember when you threatened to sue Everton and put us out of business? Remember when you put statements out about our fans in your home end? Remember when you tried to get stewards to take banners, flags etc off our fans as they were going into the stadium? I do, now fuck off back to where you belong.
Comment: Don't miss us too much boys. See you corrupt bastards in 2025

Comment: If that penalty is the worst thing you have ever seen then you have led a charmed life.
Comment: Worst thing? No. Questionable? Yes.
Comment: Is “Aston Villa” too hard to spell ?
Comment: Welcome to football I guess? Are you new?
Comment: Not even a top 20 worse calls of this season
Comment: "tied" "soccer" "AV". Fuck off.
Comment: It's just a random choice generator deciding what is and isn't a penalty now.
Comment: I guess you haven't seen many games then
Comment: Jesus Christ. The worst thing you've seen? Was it the first game you ever watched?

He makes contact with his foot. It's stupid and while Duran does go down easy, it was going to always be given. 

This sensationalism needs to fuck off.
Comment: Goes in swings and roundabouts, Villa were not awarded penalties a few times recently that looked like clear pens.
Comment: Your post is the worst thing I’ve ever seen. Wank from a yank.
Comment: Worst? You need to watch football more often
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: There’s been softer penalties given. If there’s contact in the box and the player goes down there’s a good chance a penalty is given.
Comment: "Yank here"
Comment: Mate, that was a penalty.
Comment: Wasn’t a penalty but probably not even top 10 worst decisions this season
Comment: Guess you havent been watching too much Pemier league this season.

Refs and VAR have been "questionable".
Comment: Just emphasising the lack of consistency with referee/VAR decisions.  Super soft penalty
Comment: Guys, you’re on an American site primarily used for distributing furries, not the Wyscout Forum. Give the kid a break, he’s just trying to get involved.

Comment: This feels like an absolute insane roll of the dice from their board. 

Any Burnley fans about to let us know how they feel about this ? I’d imagine this isn’t a popular move ?
Comment: work desert fade encouraging summer friendly safe lunchroom pie panicky

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
Comment: could fully cry im sick to fucking death of chairmen coming in and ruining clubs. Everything dyche has built gone like that.
Comment: Rafa, Ranieri, Dyche... The remorseless scythe of losing to Norwich continues.
Comment: This is bringing a tear to my eye and I don’t even support Burnley.😢
Comment: The only thing I liked about Burnley was him. 

Such a strange decision at this point in the season.
Comment: So Burnley are down then
Comment: Hahahaha we’ll never see Burnley in the prem again
Comment: Lol fuck off Burnley

You're still getting relegated anyway. Least you can do is show some respect to the guy who's the only reason your club is a thing
Comment: I'd say Everton fans are delighted. Shocking move from the club
Comment: I hope they go down and stay down. Man's kept them up with a £2.50 budget. I feel sorry for the fans.

Who will step off the managerial merry go round, Big Sam perhaps?
Comment: Incredibly dumb move IMO.

I think he could have kept them up. It was an outside chance, but it was definitely a better chance with him than without. Plus I think he would've been the best man to try and get them back into the EPL if/when they get relegated too. Should've shown some loyalty to him after all he's done for the club!
Comment: I have been of the opinion that the Burnley owners have for years navigated the club so well. This dismissal looks like a real mistake. Who is going to come in at this point in the season and make such an impact to change this team?
Comment: I'm actually so pissed off man, dyche has made us. He's the reason we have stayed up all these years. Who is gonna replace him. Joke of a board man.
Comment: Did Everton bribe Burnley
Comment: Feel bad for Dyche, he had Burnley punching above their weight for years now. Can't see them staying up now.
Comment: Everton to stage an emergency press conference to announce their new manager
Comment: Hell be back
Comment: They surely have someone world class lined up with only 8 games left, or this is just completely illogical. Can't see that being the case though
Comment: Not a Burnley fan but I hope he gets a shot at a club that will spend money and back him. He’s more than shown he’s a great manager with what little resources he’s had over the years

Comment: The levels between the 2 leagues is so different so it's not a surprise that all 3 are really struggling this season.
Comment: It is worth to note that their squad is very young and inexpirienced. Their 4 attacking players from starting 11 vs Brentford have the average age of 21.75, 3 of these 4 players were signed this summer, the other one was signed this January. 

So not only their squad has little PL expirience, it is quite a different team from the Championship so it takes even more time to find the right lineup and for players to get used to tactics and work together in a league like Premier League.
Comment: They have had the hardest start to the season of the bottom 4.

Using last years finishing positions Burnley's average opponent ranked 8.9 compared to 9.3 for Sheff Utd, 9.6 for Bournemouth and 12.7 for Luton.

Look at their results. Their losses are against Man City, Villa, Spurs, Man United, Newcastle, Chelsea and Brentford. 6/7 of those teams are competing for top 6.
Comment: They play in a very ambitious manner. The problem is the EPL has plenty of teams that play like that and they know how to counter it. They try to win games. Managers line Dyche focus on not losing. The latter style often works better if you dont have the talent to match your opponents.

One of De Zerbi’s biggest impacts on the league is now teams accepting that you deal with teams like Burnley by having a CB put their foot on the ball, yelling “Come at me you cunts”, and then initiating a transition as soon as Burnley start their press.

Spurs did this far too easily. Tottenham baited them into Burnley’s attacking half and then played through them. There was a goal where every Spurs player, except for Son, touched the ball in Spurs defensive half before Porro found Son on a through ball to score. Championship teams didn't have the ability to do that
Comment: Because they're trying to play the way a dominant team plays, which is far beyond their capabilities in this division.
Comment: Kompany thought they could come up and carry on playing champagne football. Problem with that is the lower sides are better at shithousing than the Championship and they will disrupt you, waste every second and play for a setpiece, then the better teams will simply outplay Burnley at their own game - they can't compete technically with Brighton, City, Arsenal, Man Utd, Chelsea, Spurs, Villa or Liverpool. I'd say most teams that come up stay up with a lot of grit and determination - a good solid system that means they can play round their limitations. Seems all that Kompany is doing is exposing his teams flaws and doing nothing to compensate.
Comment: They played free flowing, possession dominating, attacking football in the Championship and they have tried to continue in that manner in the Premier League against vastly better opposition. They've not tried to change their style and are unable to make it work in the Prem.

Usually, teams who do well after promotion either played a more physical style in the Championship, or else they changed their style once they got into the Premier League.
Comment: They didn’t back their squad up with enough quality yet. Promising younger players they can definitely sell on, but no of any real substance.
Comment: Kompany didn't realise that without actual managerial talent you need unlimited wealth to be able to 'play football the right way'.
Comment: They do need to be more pragmatic at times and are too easy 

But they have also had a fair few tough games.

They won the game they should at Luton. They got a good point away at our place that was deserved. I'd say it's probably only Brentford away and Villa at home where they might have realistically targeted points and those are stretches for a promoted team.

We'll see more of what they are about when they start playing more six pointers against teams like mine; when they are playing Wolves, Fulham, Bournemouth, Everton, etc.

If they are still losing most of those then they'll be in trouble
Comment: There’s a reason bottom half teams usually play shit football and it’s not because the managers are shit
Comment: They’re tryna play pep ball. It worked in the championship cos they were one of the best sides but it won’t work in the PL, I just hope Maresca takes notes tbh
Comment: The teams that “comfortably stay in the premier league” after promotion are rare.
Comment: It's because Kompany wears a t-shirt, blazer and a fucking baseball cap.
Comment: It’s Vincent Kompany’s fault and I don’t know whether it’s naivety or selfishness. 

Burnley got promoted playing some really nice, possession based football. This was possible because they had a good coach and good players in comparison with those around them, with Kompany clearly influenced by the likes of Guardiola as to how he wanted them to play. 

The problem is that most Premier League teams play like this too now, and Burnley’s players are nowhere near good enough to compete with the players in other Premier League squads. They are trying to play like teams like Man City, against teams like Man City, and they’re simply not going to outpunch them at their own game. 

Of the teams that get promoted from the Championship, those who stay up tend to do so because they play things their own way, be that Leeds under Bielsa, Sheffield United under Wilder, or even Burnley under Dyche or Hull under Phil Brown. It might not always be pretty, but it’s different and it gives Premier League teams a new challenge and one they’re likely not so well prepared for as they would be if they were playing against a team who does things pretty similarly to how they themselves do things. 

In my opinion, I think Kompany is being a bit selfish. He got a lot of plaudits for how Burnley played last season, to the extent he was spoken about as a future (even next) Man City manager, and I think he’s clinging on to that playing style this season because of that, even though it will highly likely get Burnley relegated. He doesn’t want to switch to a style that isn’t appealing to the people who employ the managers at the biggest clubs because that’s where he sees himself managing in the not too distant future. It’s selfishness, or it is incredible naivety. 

Yes, their squad is probably punching above its weight anyway, I don’t disagree with that, but so are quite a few squads in the Premier League this season, and Burnley should definitely be finishing above at least the two they were competing with last season.
Comment: Belgian bald fraud got found out
Comment: There’s six or seven teams who don’t really fit in either league - they’re too good for the championship,  it they’re not good enough for the premier league. They’re in sort of a middle ground
Comment: Playing well in the Championship has no correlation to doing well in the PL as it's a different kettle of fish. The quality is just much better so if you're playing expansive football then you're more likely to be exposed by better teams. 

They also haven't massively improved their team. They've added some nice players and retained some from loans but it's not like they've gone all out but sometimes clubs do look to the future and plan ahead.
Comment: They tried to keep the same style of play, playing good football. Can't do that when you come to the prem. The difference in quality from the championship to the premiership is insane.

You have to play gritty sometimes to get the results.

I still think they have a decent chance of staying up. They will learn and adapt as the season goes on.
Comment: Good players often fail as managers they don’t understand why players can’t do what they could look at roy Keane Henry etc

Comment: I thought she did very well, fortunately though, there were no controversial decisions to make and no one surrounding the ref or having a go.    I’m sure she’ll face much more difficult games in the near future but the EPL eased her in by chosing this game IMO.  As they should do, so well done all round IMO 😊
Comment: All i care about is what Joey Barton has to say about this, im sure we're all dying to know
Comment: Only match I didn’t hear about bad calls after. Well done.
Comment: Games gone. I kid I kid. Heard she had a good game. The bar has been set pretty low this season but still.
Comment: I’d happily have all the REFs be female, can’t be worse than their male counterparts.
Comment: Shouldn't even be news. Would anybody have known if there wasn't headlines about it? Congrats to her being the first but it doesn't need drawing attention to it, just let her get on with the job. Don't give a shit if the ref is male, female or an automated bot so long as they're competent and consistent.

Sadly, you can see the headlines already, the minute she has a bad game which feels almost inevitable. She'll get the same amount of stick a male ref would from most fans. That will trigger artciles probably already written in anticipation from certain people and sections of the media who will then angle it towards sexism.  the media pundits will probably go the complete opposite and refuse to criticise her through fear and then some absolute fucknuggets on Twitter will inevitably take it way too far aiming vile abuse at her and the idea football has a problem and not just society rears it's head again.

Can't wait...
Comment: Only thing that matters: Did she do a good job?
Comment: No one should have a problem as long as she can do her job. But also, people have to be able to criticise her if she has a shit performance every now and then without some knob calling it sexism.
Comment: Great news.

Love to see morw women represented in the game.

Joey Barton, est your heart out.
Comment: She did a fantastic job too. Better than the other men refs from today
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: if its doing a good job, i cant care less about what sexuality the ref is.
Comment: more importantly is she from manchester?
Comment: I watched the game from the safety of my home in New England. I was pleased that she simply let them play. I was relieved that there were no controversial moments. By the end I was struggling to remember her first name.

I think this was probably a wise choice (as opposed to Liverpool v Arsenal or another high profile matchup). But I think she's earned a measure of respect because nothing really stood out.
Comment: Sweet!
Comment: Idc if its male, female or even a god damn lizard, cockorach or froggies. I just want a good referee
Comment: Who cares, as long as she’s not terrible
Comment: Kinda silly that it took all the way until now lol.
Comment: How are referees rated? Does anyone know how any referee get chosen for an EPL game?
Comment: The male refs already showed they don't have a clue so I am sure she will be an upgrade, a significant one.

Comment: Because some clubs actually see the bigger picture instead of firing managers every year hoping it will be different.
Comment: No manager can save them, their team is championship level. Plan is to get relegated again, go up again, and actually attempt to stay up next time.
Comment: Dude is quality and the team around him isn’t. I actually find it refreshing that ownership acknowledges they have a quality manager and need to develop the team around him.

Edit: when I say “quality” I mean “premier league quality”
Comment: Sean Dyche was also relegated immediately upon promotion
Comment: Doesn’t seem like Burnley have ever been the trigger happy type, I think perhaps they’re even still regretting sacking Dyche. 

It’s always tough because do you give a struggling coach the Jan window to liven things up and change course or do you sack them ahead of it and let a new coach have a chance to reshape the squad in their image. 

Stick or twist and if their track record in recent years is much to go by, Burnley will stick and let the chips fall where they may.
Comment: And replace him with who? 

Undoing all the structures and systems he’s put in place midway through the season will not make things better plus the squad just isn’t good enough.
Comment: its a top of the championship, bottom of the premier league squad
Comment: As far as I know most Burnley fans know that Kompany is getting something going. He has a plan and they're willing to endure some pain. Ten Hag mindset ong
Comment: Burnley are patient with their managers . Sean Dyche got relegated, and he kept his job . Even if they go down (highly likely) , Kompany seems to be the right man to guide them back up based on last season .

Not every team needs to be reactive with managers like  Watford .
Comment: Cos they play out from the back
Comment: if you watched them last season he built a good system, but just doesn't have prem caliber players yet, that'll take more than one season
Comment: Burnley fan here. I'm with you on this one, as any good Premier League coach would be smart enough to change up their tactics. Kompany did great for us last season in the Championship, but being a one trick pony doesn't work in the Premier League, and I'm hoping we can replace him with someone that knows how to set up a club defensively.
Comment: It is a fair question I think.. the football they play is very naieve, that style of football with the lack of quality wouldn't give them a chance of surviving, only Shef Utd have conceded less...they don't seem to want shift the way they play in order to survive which  is on the manager.. Can only assume the club have accepted that and there's a bigger picture at play....
Comment: Because they're playing a Barcelona style of play and  he's so clever and studious and comes from a  great background and was a great captain.

Winning football games you say?
Comment: Dyche kept Burnley up playing boring defensive football. I imagine most Burnley fans are happy having Kompany come in and bring a more attacking style of play. For a town with a pop of 70k and a stadium that holds 20k, bouncing between the Championship and PL isn't the worst and keeps them stable financially. Very similar to when Norwich City came up and didn't try to overextend themselves to stay in the PL, they recognized that they are a Championship club that gets the occasional bump up, but won't change the philosophy of the club and risk financial trouble chasing it.
Comment: Because it's Burnley. Do you expect them in mid-table?
Comment: This Burnley side remind me of Norwich under Farke. Too good for the Championship, miles out of their depth at the top level.
Comment: Cause he’s a product of Pep Guardiola & those products are considered unsackable just like Pep. Same reason Xavi hasn’t been sacked. He’s not playing the Barca way, he’s fell behind Girona of all teams in the league, he’s considered a huge flop to Barca fans & they boo him at games (at least the few games I’ve been to so far). But Barca won’t sack him cause they think everyone who played under Pep will be the new Pep.
Comment: Firing a manager is not always the right thing to do. Give the guy time to work their way up. If the team is playing poorly it’s another story but Burnley is playing well overall.
Comment: Because he had to completely rebuild a team with youngsters and it takes time. There really is no expectation other than set up a decent squad.

Comment: Everton are very lucky this is one of the weakest groups of promoted teams in years, and they still might go down. I think 3 of those 4 teams will go down.
Comment: It’s far too early to say, they do look the weakest so far but it’s only been 5 games

After 5 games last season the bottom three were Wolves, Villa and Leicester and of course 2 of those survived
Comment: Burnley have had many difficult fixtures in the beginning. I honestly think they stay up.


Sheffield relegated.

Luton I thought they would shit house to 17th but nope. Relegated
Comment: u're forgetting chelsea
Comment: Just me who thinks Sheffield United will stay up and Burnley will go down?
Comment: I'm not usually a "game's gone" person but with the amount of people saying "Sheffield" in here, I think it actually might be gone.
Comment: early days, don’t rule chelsea out
Comment: Sheffield aren't in the premier league mate. They play on tier 8 or something like that.
Comment: Not a fan on any prem side (cries in league one) but I don’t want Luton to go down because I like a good story but unfortunately unless something drastic changes, I can’t see them staying up. All three of them will be back soon though.
Comment: All three could go down…or maybe they won’t. It’s a long season and things can change.

Also, dude, Sheffield is not the correct nomenclature, Sheffield *united*, please.
I mention this because in a land far far away there is a mystical place named the football league and in this mystical place there lives a team named Sheffield Wednesday.
Comment: Luton look to be improving game on game, look a solid team but it's probably true to say they're lacking that bit of quality for this level. Next three games are huge for them. Likewise Sheffield United are looking solid and making a reasonable stab of things. Again probably lacking lacking in quality but I expect will be in the fight. Burnley I imagine will pick up points as the season progresses. 

Add in where Everton are, Wolves struggling to score although admitedly looking better than I expected, Bournemouth yet to win - too early to write off the newly promoted sides.
Comment: Sheffield United, not Sheffield. There are two clubs from the city.
Comment: Have you seen Chelsea’s next fixtures? I’m actually genuinely concerned we may be in the relegation zone by Christmas.
Comment: I hope so, if it means Wolves don't go down
Comment: It’s sheffield united not sheffield. You wouldn’t call city just Manchester would you.
Comment: Get me out of this league. Fans are fickle & either write you off or big you up after only a few games. VAR is hopeless. Officials are too easily swayed by fans.
Comment: It’s only been five games.
Comment: Its quite possible Chelsea don't correct their form.
Comment: I hope so or else it’s going to be us lol
Comment: Chelsea genuinely might go down

Comment: They can't play Manchester United every week though
Comment: 2W 5D 1L in last 8, they are on form.
Comment: Forest have the points advantage and the game in hand, but our only winnable games are away (and we’re awful away).  

Burnley have the hardest run in, but are in the best form.  
  
Luton can never, ever, be counted out.  
  
  
So who the fuck knows!
Comment: If it is mathematically possible then yes. 

If it is not then no.
Comment: As an everton supporter i would find it funny if they did and forest/luton went down after all this but really no preference now
Comment: One win away from getting out and Forest at home on the last day? Absolutely.

The only issue is Forest have Sheffield United in their final run so Burnley really need to get a win from either Newcastle (h) which is doable and Spurs away which is… doable.
Comment: Looking at the bottom clubs remaining games, I think Luton have the best chance of survival. 
They play Everton (H), West Ham (A) and Fulham (H).
Comment: What has happened to Burnley? Before the season, they were almost universally tipped to survive, most saying quite comfortably. But they were dire for the first half a season and looked doomed.

It's only recently that they have started showing form that could keep them up. What have they done differently that has all of a sudden given them hope?
Comment: Depends on Forest vs sheffield game  on GW36.
Comment: All depends on what luton does
Comment: Let’s go Burnley 🔥🔥🔥
Comment: Nah - too little too late I'm afraid for Van-son Kompany.
Comment: Forest have to play Sheffield, which should be three points and that will be that. I don't see Burnley beating Newcastle or Spurs to make up those points to stay in with a last day shout.
Comment: I think Forest will just survive but it depends on that Sheff Utd game. Teams that go down always have at least one win now all the pressure is off.

Newcastle are woeful away from home this season so I could easily see us lose to Burnley. If Forest squander the Sheff Utd game then all bets are off.
Comment: I don't feel that they're in the three worst teams in the league, really. Finishing has been poor and goalkeeping has been shocking. But overall they are really not that bad. Muric alone has cost them four points and he only came into the team a few weeks ago.
Comment: After checking their last games, I don't think so. They have Tottenham away, Newcastle at home and Nott Forest
Comment: Hope so, like them better than Luton (nothing against Luton really) and Forest can eat one.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: 1 defeat in last 8 PL games - 11 points from 8 games won’t be enough, they need 7 points from last 3 games, in reality they have to beat Newcastle on Saturday to have a chance?
Comment: Bottom two is still open. But the chances Burnley make it are slim, not impossible. They rely on Forest doing badly in their remaining games

Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Always rated toni
Comment: Proper trivia man, always start with left field guesses and hit the bankers later
Comment: to be fair west ham are fucken massive
Comment: I watched the whole video he was just asked how many PL Teams can he say in 30 seconds. It was against David Alaba
Comment: Tranmere rovers ?
Comment: Burnley are massive!
Comment: ToffSpurs?
Comment: In that order
Comment: Would love to see Kroos play in the PL.
Comment: Well, he is not wrong. Lots of english players in Burnley on each game. More than rest of 7 teams combined.
Joke, just trying to figure out german logic. 
Big respect for Mr. Dyche.
Comment: Literally says target 9 on the video.. probably not asked Biggest teams either.
Comment: Snucked in city and liverpool
Comment: Its confirmed burnley are massive
Comment: Based Toni
Comment: Full disclosure: He wasn't asked the names of England's 8 **biggest** teams, just 8 Premier League teams in that segment. But ho, did he go full Brexit on there
Comment: Kroos to Burnley confirmed!
Comment: Dyche is the man!
Comment: He grew up as a Burnley supporter
Comment: He wasn't asked to name England's 8 biggest teams, he was asked to name as many English team names as he can.

Comment: Contrary to popular opinion, Kompany did actually adjust his style for the Premier League. He definitely went more defensive after the batterings by Chelsea and Spurs early on. We also set up very differently to the Championship season where it was mostly 4123 - we spent most of this season playing some sort of flexible 442.

'What happened' is a combination of inexperience in the squad, difficult fixture list leading to destroyed confidence, poor transfer window(s) (with a record spend too!) and yes, some poor selection, tactical and management decisions from Kompany.

I was still behind him and sad he is leaving, but let's not pretend he hasn't underachieved massively this season.

Source: Season ticket holder for 10+ years
Comment: He had a squad that was far too good for the championship (he had Tellla and Maatsen, who have won the Bundesliga and in CL final this season), plus a selection of prem loanees who left after they got promoted , so he was never as good as that season made out
Comment: He played his own preferred style in order to get future job offers, rather than doing what his current club needed for survival.
Comment: VK's goal wasn't to secure points at all costs. It was rather an audition to demonstrate his football philosophy. It's clear that he saw the opportunity as a stepping stone in his career.
Comment: I admired kompany for trying to stick with his philosophy that got them promoted and he did eventually try to adjust philosophy to be more defensively minded and not concede as many goals. Personally I think the gap between the prem and the championship is starting to get too big.
Comment: They wildly overperformed last year, and they didn't have the players to play Kompany's style against PL competition. Not that complicated.
Comment: of course it's Kompanys fault , my issue isn't that they went down or that Kompany stuck to his style is the real lackluster way they did it. they were the best placed team of the 3 to stay up and they went down without a fight.
Comment: He lost a lot of the loan players that got them promoted and they weren't replaced
Comment: His style wasn’t the problem. The problem is that you need very good players to implement the style. It worked in the championship because the other players down there weren’t good enough to stop what Burnley tried to do. 

In the prem how many times did you see Burnley misplace a pass that lead to a goal because their players weren’t that good.

With the better players he’ll have at Bayern I think his style will be more successful than it was with Burnley.
Comment: Not enough talent on the team for PL
Comment: Tella went to Leverkusen
Comment: They were shit
Comment: The style of play he attempted in the Prem with the players he had weren't up to the standard required for Premier League...
Comment: While I didn’t explicitly follow every burnley game, I did notice a couple games they would open the scoring but have trouble maintaining the lead. Dunno how often this happened tho
Comment: He simply tried to play out from the back with players that weren't able to skillfully manage it. Instead of adapting it was rinse and repeat. So many goals and losses down to it. Don't understand why Bayern are looking at him
Comment: Same thing, to a degree happened at Notts County.... and those guys leaked goals for fun. Luckily division 2 isn't quite as cutthroat as the Prem of course.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: yep true
Comment: They didn’t get enough points…
Comment: Whatever he did was enough for Bayern to come knocking on the door!

Comment: Meanwhile the prem doesn’t even have the slightest clue which of like 7 teams are getting relegated
Comment: Burnley in good kompany this season
Comment: Congratulations to Vincent. What a guy.  One of the best footballing sides the Championship has seen.
Comment: Gonna be crazy to have Burnley in the PL and them *not* playing with 11 men behind the ball. They may well end up going straight back down, who can really say at this point, but they'll go down in style if they do.
Comment: Peps School are flying this year. What an achievement.
Comment: They played good football and deserve it. Another team I'd like to see promoted would be Middleborough.
Comment: Congratulations, Burnley, and welcome back
Comment: I will 100% be happy with us being called "Vincent Kompany's Burnley^^TM" if he does well in the Premier League. 

Let's roll on 2023/24!
Comment: Great to see a young coach (& ex great-player) doing so well. Great to see Burnley bounce back PL … good luck
Comment: Villa fan here, great to see Burnley back as one of the originals. We just need to get Darwin back now...
Comment: Great!

If West Ham manage to stay up somehow, everyone would be playing Aston Villa thrice.

On the other hand if West Ham get relegated, it'd be like they never left.
Comment: Well done. Bouncing back at the first attempt is no mean feat. Great work by Kompany.
Comment: For the first time I'm not feeling existential dread knowing that we have to go to turf moor next season. 

Yeah we might get crushed but at least it won't be Brexit ball
Comment: Meeting Burnley next season will hit different
Comment: Burnley have been steady all season. Exactly like Kompany was when he was playing. Neat, no-nonsense , matter of fact football.... Wuold be good to see them in the Prem again
Comment: Apprentices of Pep in the Prems - Arterta and Vincent Kompany next season
Comment: Congrats to Burnley!
Comment: Starry,Starry Night
Comment: Frankly, i was hoping last season that Burnley never got relegated.
Comment: As an american still learning, how have they secured promotion with so many games left?

Comment: If Burnley fans could read they’d be very upset with this thread
Comment: The plan seems to be following Kompany's philosophy and dominate the Championship next season without rellying so much on loans. Maybe they can improve enough to make it work in 25/26, it would be nice to see a underdog surviving on highly offensive tactics
Comment: They in wrong Kompany
Comment: Not a Burnley fan but they seem to be happy being a yo-yo club. You can make more money doing that, then spend and stay mid table
Comment: Their team has zero Premier League quality.
Comment: I don't understand how Kompany can be so bad yet still be talked about for a big six job. Mad.
Comment: I thought Burnley would do well and maybe finish a very respectable 10th - 15th under Kompany...I was very wrong..they've been awful in all areas of the pitch...the gap between Championship and Premiership is getting wider..about the size of a tennis court which is not good for the underdogs
Comment: I don’t like their play out from the back philosophy when I do watch them. To be fair, I haven’t watched enough to know how well it’s served them, but I have seen it go awry many times. 

Much prefer Luton.
Comment: Better players for sure, our team got virtually gutted after last season, needed a willingness to play ugly too.

That aside some fortune would be helpful, not sure we've had a 50/50 decision go out way all season, that disallowed goal today was a shambles. VAR didn't even look at it.

Very young team with no experience got their confidence absolutely crucified by our early fixture list too, never recovered their confidence.
Comment: They are playing the same way they played in the championship. They’ll leak goals against PL sides that can catch you in transition. Also a lack of quality.
Comment: I think they need to adapt to the Premier League with their style of play which Kompany is quite stubborn about. Playing in the Championship like they do with the level of opponents, for sure they did well. But playing in the premier league is different. Unless there's no FFP and middle eastern tycoon to fund the club, then they will have to adapt accordingly.
Comment: Luton fan here, even I’m shocked how bad they been
Comment: Teams press way better in the PL compared to the Championship. Even teams like Everton, Wolves and Bournemouth press in elite fashion and will punish teams who try and play out from the back. 

Burnley also lack any good forward players who can make a difference out of nothing.
Comment: Millionaire owners competing against billionaire owners?
Comment: Their championship team was better than their current team, no chemistry.
Comment: They thought that could play the same way with the players that have In the premier league. 
Some games kompany should have played more conservative. Play ugly, get the points, survive the drop then use the money to continue improving the team.

He’s naive to think he can try to play this attacking football with that squad in a league where teams punish you on the counter attack.
Comment: I think they've actually played really well in a lot of games but they seem to leak goals so easily and often after they've been on top for a period which is massively demoralising.

Game to game most of their players get decent ratings but it seems to be a few moments of really poor defending that costs them so often
Comment: Burnley fan here..In short lots of things have gone badly but the truth was that many of the problems we have were apparent last season but not fully realised.

We played a risky possession style which looked to draw the opposition out. We occasionally got caught with the ball last season but you can get away with that. This season much less so, plus the tactical ability in the Prem means that (i) players don't lose their discipline and leave space (ii) the press is much more effective. We played a Prem-Lite style in the Championship which suffers against genuine Prem teams.

Last season we won several games due to worldies from Benson etc, again, you don't have that extra space or half second in the Prem. 

There has been some odd decisions by Kompany, especially some of the money spent (though I don't remember complaints at the time). We are a very inexperienced team and play like one.

Yes, VAR has cost us but we have also had a lot go our way. We played teams who were out of form or with injuries to key players and never took points from them. We even had another team docked points.

A controversial take is that our form last season was franked on a poor Championship. We did unexpectedly well in a season which saw many teams in transition. I'd say that this season in the Championship is tougher but that's not something I can substantiate. We got promoted, changed our line up drastically and rely on players who are unproven at this level. I expected us to be in a relegation fight but even that term seems misleading as there's not much of a fight going on. 

In short we were in for a very tough ride this season, it hurts that we haven't helped our cause. But I suspect Kompany and the board are working on a longer plan which sees us as a team capable of remaining in the Prem, we just got promoted almost too early.
Comment: I’d say having less resources to acquire quality players than the other 19 top flight clubs is the problem 
Comment: Yo Burnley fans, spill the tea! What's the secret sauce for turning things around? New players, a manager shake-up, or just some good old time to work magic? Share your thoughts! 

 #BurnleyTroubles

Comment: Mic up referees and VAR and have it broadcast live. This would solve so many problems. People don’t know the thought process so wild conspiracies and misinterpretation are so much easier to fall into. 

They do it in Ligue 1 and they do it in rugby. Allows everyone to hear what’s going on and why the decisions are made as they are. Maybe you’ll still disagree with the ref but that’s part of sport and at least you know why it’s being done.
Comment: I understand the decision if we judge it as a singular thing and would be fine with that not being called handball. But, what I have a problem with is the similar one next time that another team will get a pen for. The consistency is the biggest issue. If we always say this type of incident is not a penalty then cool, but it’s different rules for different games and that is super annoying.
Comment: Just because the ball hits a players arm doesn’t mean it’s handball. He was 3 yards away arm down by his side and the ball was smashed at him there’s nothing he could’ve done about it.
Comment: Man united have been fucked all season by shitty calls,  I think it would be incredibly harsh to fire Ten Hag after this joke of a season
Comment: We have a refereeing system that is scared to make an actual decision. Hence the 4 minutes to check a goal. The system works but the people don’t
Comment: Shouldn't be a penalty for me but neither should the one against Coventry. The Coventry one was purely given because the ref really wanted them to score for the magic of the cup, I bet they wished they could have given that offside goal without making it too obvious.


Garnacho should have had a penalty yesterday though when the defender just straight kicked him. The defender clearly wasn't going for the ball so the ref either had to give the penalty or book Garnacho for diving, the coward did neither.
Comment: Should have gotten 3 pens in that game lol. Both of Garnacho's fouls were pens at the start and end of the match, VAR is way too damn inconsistent for every team. It's not hard to call it down the middle. A foul is a foul. Fecking call it even if the ref doesn't blow the whistle. This is why players always have to protest every single damn foul because the refs don't do their jobs. United didn't even complain much in that match and they all got ignored.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I think the refs are just guessing at this point.

Comment: I think Burnley will come good and Bournemouth will go down. I had Wolves at the start of the season but Gary O’Neil has me eating my words.
Comment: I think all 3 will go down , I expect Bournemouth to climp out of the botton 3  and I cant see Everton , Brenford or Wolves going down
Comment: Going against the grain here... Luton, but only if Burnley doesn't wise up.

Luton hasn't been properly battered that much in games yet, compared to the other two, as a result of their defensive style. You can argue that Burnley has suffered because Kompany's way of playing in the Championship hasn't yet translated to the PL (or equally they can't afford to do the free-flowing attacking style they had with the players they're up against now).

If Burnley manage to tighten up, they'll have the best chance. But, for the moment, I'd wager Luton's style is more likely to put them in contention out of the three for staying up.
Comment: Burnley. But only by default. Luton will battle and put up a good fight here and there, but simply don't have anything close to the quality needed to stay up. Sheffield United lost several of their best players upon promotion, so are arguably worse than they were last season. Can't see them coming close to staying up, they look so far short.

That leaves Burnley. But I'm not that confident about them either. Their saving grace may be Bournemouth. But I still suspect over the season Bournemouth will scrape together more points. But I suspect it'll be a particularly low total to stay up this season, given those four plus Everton all look really, really poor.
Comment: Obviously Burnley. They’re twice as good as the other two.
Comment: Burnley are a lot better than the other two. Pretty poor defensively and too open. But they can score. 

If Kompany can adapt, like Steve Cooper did with us last season, they have enough quality. They'll only go down if he refuses to adapt or their heads go down before they start getting some results.
Comment: Luton
Comment: Burnley = good chance to stay up

Luton = small chance to stay up

Sheffield United = very little chance to stay up

So Burnley
Comment: Bit of a tangent OP, but when did referring to Sheffield United as just Sheffield happen? Seeing it a lot lately and it’s quite an odd phenomenon.
Comment: Best chance? Burnley but Luton have nothing to lose sheff Utd will struggle most
Comment: Burnley. I reckon they have a 2% chance of survival where as the other 2 have a .0001% chance of survival.
Comment: Luton or Burnley. Luton vs Spurs weren't that bad but definitely need proper tactics to make best use of their players to remain in the league. It's going to be a coin toss between these two
Comment: I still stand by the comment I made before the season started in that I think Luton have a better chance of staying up than Burnley.
Comment: I think Luton. They're a problem on set pieces. If they can learn how to play a low block properly they'll always have chances to nick points against run if play
Comment: Last season Luton started pretty slow and struggled to win at home for a long time then after Christmas really came good.

Therefore it will happen again and we are staying up!

Seriously though it's a tough call. I thought Sheffield Utd would do really well with their signings. Luton & Burnley both have something there that isn't quite clicking yet. I think at least 1 of the 3 will survive though.
Comment: Burnley.

But it’s like asking which of my three nephews is ugliest.
Comment: *Sheffield UNITED
Comment: I would complain about calling the team ‘Sheffield’ but ironically both teams are in the same awful position but in different leagues
Comment: Pre Newcastle (or if we’d managed something more vs Everton or Spurs) I’d have said us. We looked competitive. 

Since Newcastle we must be amongst the worst side to ever set foot in the Premier League.
Comment: Burnley being written off so early is so weird. They’ve played most the top 10 so far this season. They’ll be alright once they play some midtable sides and those around them.

Think Luton will give it a good crack but can see them and Sheff Utd fall short sadly

Comment: Inadvertently spicing up the competition at both ends of the table.
Comment: Sometimes a maybe good, sometimes a maybe shit
Comment: Tottenham 3 times in a row vs easy teams Lose Lose Lose ..face city Win, back to easy teams *starts losing again*
Comment: [removed]
Comment: The beautiful game 😍
Comment: Burnley got blessed by those rescheduled games 😂
Comment: We’re going through a hard time. I understand the humor but damn does it sting when we’re on the receiving end
Comment: Does that mean that Burnley are the best team in England?
Comment: It's funny in the same week we had a post about Harry kane being world class but then will go missing for a block of games again. He is a quality player but world class players let themselves be known in nearly every game, salah , aguero Rooney etc. Harry kane isn't world class.
Comment: I hope Burnley survive and Newcastle go down just for the bants. Everyone said the Chris Wood buy would sink Burnley but they flipped that money into Weghorst who might be the one to keep them up and inadvertently sink Newcastle.
Comment: The old saying is back, typical Spurs, the team that surprises everyone in the big matches but disappoints in those that are fairly easy.
Comment: Gattuso moment
Comment: You will always have my thanks, Spurs. A debt we will return someday
Comment: Funny thing Conte himself said in the press conference that he can't do much with this club. He is himself asking the board to sack him xD
Comment: Absolute classic.
Comment: Lads, it's Tottenham
Comment: A wise man once said...
Comment: r/soccercirclejerk
Comment: i shouldve betted on it kmt
Comment: Go to spurs sub.. win against city got to their heads.. they were shitting on everybody

Comment: Honestly feel like the better comparison would be to Norwich when they came up. They tried to play the same style at anfield and got battered and then had a torrid season
Comment: They will stay up.

They are not going to beat Aston Villa, Tottenham and Man C playing like this. Those teams are so much better player for player. 

But they will beat teams that are at a similar level playing like this. Sheffield United and Everton does not have any players like Haaland, Son or Diaby in their teams.
Comment: I think they'll survive purely because there's much worse sides this year.

Burnleys also played 3 matches they were likely expected to lose.
Comment: Tough to judge them based on these matches. They aren’t expected to win these games. Wait until they come up against the likes of Luton, Sheffield, Man United, Everton, etc to get a better assessment of where they’re at
Comment: They've played City, Villa and Spurs.

I'm sure they will fare much better once they gain more experience and play the lesser teams in the division.
Comment: They’ve played City, Aston Villa and Spurs. I think next week against forest will be the most telling on whether they can make it work in the prem.
Comment: Yeah, basically.

Everyone seemed to think Burnley would be absolutely fine because... Kompany. 

Some at least questioned whether their attacking style would be able to get results at this level, given just how big a step up it is.

Burnley were a good side. They had some quality. They were pragmatic because the amount of quality in these top sides means you have to limit the amount of time in a game you go toe to toe with them. 

No good having 46% possession and 16 shots if you are going to ship 5 goals. 

We learned this lesson last season. We started open and wanted to take the game to the opposition, and we got ripped to pieces. Cooper learned fairly quickly, went more pragmatic and made sure we could get a foothold in games

That said, even though they've played three home games they have been tougher ones. There are sides in this division they could potentially really hurt. Not sure if there are enough of them though
Comment: Only seen the Spurs goals but you can be attack minded and have competent defence, all the goals conceded today are lessons in what not to do, so much space and our boys are happy to use it.
Comment: Lads, they played villa , city and spurs. relax 

It's a long season , they will player games they can definitely beat
Comment: To be frank, Dyche's defensive football isnt doing wonders on Everton either.
Comment: The first 15 mins of the game they played really well.

Spurs battered them because Kompany changed formation in the second half, by the time they started playing again they were 5-1 down.

They'll stay up though.
Comment: It is true he is trying to play like he did in the championship that won’t fly in the prem
Comment: Given how many worse teams there are in the league this season, they'd have to be genuinely shocking
Comment: I think they’ll stay up. They should be able to compete with the mid table teams and will need 35-40 points to stay up I’d say, which is achievable
Comment: I know they brought in redmond, but I really think they needed a milner, lallana, Ashley Young type in there too. There is far too much naivety going on in these first three matches. Also the team seem a bit smaller and look like they will struggle defending set pieces.
Comment: Hard to say how Burnley will do until we see them face a mid-table side. I reckon Kompany will have to adapt his more fluid style a bit but don't see much risk of them going down, partly because I think Kompany will be able to do this and also because the bottom half is so weak this season.
Comment: It wasn't just the goals, either, it was the space they gave Spurs. Maddison might as well have taken a penalty kick on his goal, he was so open. I don't think I've ever seen a team allow that much space and time to a quality Prem opponent in the attacking third.
Comment: They’l be alright. They will get points off Chelsea and Man U and that will help keep them afloat.
Comment: To play attacking football in an u,tra competitive league you need class players and a great system unfortunately Burnley is lacking class players so their attacking football will be ripped apart by most
Comment: Aged well

Comment: The fact that Pep is fighting for first place while 3 of his 'protege' have been 1st place in their leagues all year is absolutely insane.
Comment: I get the impression Kompany won't be there next season. I hope I'm wrong, but I feel a bigger club will pinch him. Burnley will stay up next year with him.
Comment: Kompany has now shown at Anderlecht and Burnley that he is tactically brilliant and his players clearly love playing for him. Really looking forward to watching them on a regular basis next season, assuming he stays and some dipshit "big club" doesn't hire him and fuckin ruin him like they do with other promising managers
Comment: Super happy about that. The man was always a natural born leader. He is one of my all time favourite players. I really wish that he excels as a manager.
Comment: Went to watch them vs Sheffield cuz I was in the area 

Very excited to see them and will be going again 100%
Comment: Its likely they will not play the same style in the Premier League.  Not saying they will be like Dyche’s Burnley but successful Championship sides who play possession and attacking football tend to go more old school in the Premier League (go direct, play on the counter, etc.).  Brentford and Fulham are good examples.  They still press a lot but they play much differently on the ball in the Premier League versus when they were in the Championship
Comment: “To turn around Burnley that fast is impressive”

Is taking a team that spent years in the premier league back to the premier league at the first attempt really that impressive?

I know the style of football is infinitely better and assume that’s what you’re getting at but he has a team created in the premier league in the championship so let’s not get carried away.
Comment: They would probably end up bottom mid of the table... If they are playing with their current form.
Comment: Nope.
Comment: Excited to see them get pumped
Comment: As a supporter of another Championship club, yes, I'm pleased to see Burnley go up. We might get a few more points next season. In all seriousness though, Kompany comes across as a thoroughly decent chap and a good manager and I wish him well.
Comment: I mean…I might need someone to root for
Comment: It's Burnley... 🤷
Comment: They should be competitive if they stay up. I remember at Old Trafford earlier in the season United had forest at home in the league then Burnley league cup midweek following I think. Or not long after at least.

United won both games but if you didn’t know any better you would definitely say Burnley were the PL opposition and Forest the league below. The difference in how organised they both looked was mad. It took two very high quality goals for United to beat Burnley (who also missed a couple of decent chances) whilst they just strolled around the pitch against Forest half paced and still won.
Comment: Looking forward to hearing:
"Come on, Burnley" again.
Comment: never thought I’d see the day where somebody would be excited to watch Burnley
Comment: Nothing against Kompany or Burnley, I don't really have an opinion on either, but no. I like seeing different teams come up.
Comment: No, I rather see Kompany in another club.
Comment: Yes, I’m really looking forward to seeing them in the Prem. He’s done a remarkable job so far and I’d be curious to see how he’d adapt to the Premier League where he wouldn’t necessarily be dominating most of the other teams. Will he show pragmatism? Will he stick to his principles? Could he guide them to safety? Or even a top half finish?

I’ve seen there is interest in Kompany from bigger clubs but I hope he sticks with Burnley. It feels like the job is half done and we’ve seen numerous examples of players maybe taking the big jobs too early recently.

Would love to see him reestablish Burnley as a Prem team over the next couple of seasons before taking over for Pep at City.
Comment: I hope he stays as it will be interesting to see his transfer strategy and who he brings in.

Comment: 3rd times a charm. Tierney and hooper kicking themselves for not finding a reason to disallow this one.
Comment: Yet another masterclass by PGMOL. VAR should be declared MOTM.
Comment: Rule that out you
Cheating cunts!
Comment: Guess who’s back, back again, Jota’s back, tell a friend. Guess who’s back guess who’s back..
Comment: Salah was pushed offside by Burnley! How does VAR not see that?
Comment: Burnley ought to have went into the box and dived. Paul will definitely give them a hand.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Great win YNWA
Comment: That performance from Burnley is one of the worst I can remember seeing from any team this season. Could and should've been 5 or 6 to Liverpool. Burnley couldn't defend, attack, keep the ball, or do anything

Comment: Chelsea managed to blow it anyway. Looking forward to hearing what Poch says the stats say.
Comment: Never a pen or a yellow, but the player also dove like ten minutes before hand in a yellow.
Comment: I thought the new technology was going to improve refereeing, but it's still terrible.
Some shocking decisions recently.
Comment: Yea the officiating has really been bad 

Sometimes it's very hard watching the games with such bad referring
Comment: The shitness of VAR also helped Burnley with the disallowed goal. If it wasn't a goal it should have been a pen for the pulling back of Disasi.
Comment: I'm watching Forest/Palace (US) and they're showing Burnley with two red cards. Been like that for close to 35 minutes.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: So are we just going to ignore the red card on Disasi? 

The guy pulls him back to literally stop a goal and yet they only called a handball…

It’s a DOGSO yet somehow VAR misses that. 
Comment: It's worked out for them. They've been far the better team since going to 10 lol.
Comment: It’s about not giving the ref any reason to give a penalty and not giving the player an opportunity to exaggerate contact

Assignon had no reason to hold Mudryk’s shoulder, Mudryk was going nowhere!

Whether there was enough force or not, he’s giving Mudryk the opportunity to feign more force, he’s also given the referee an opportunity to give a penalty

If it happened in the Chelsea half and it was given as a free kick no one would complain

The long and short of it is: don’t give the ref any reason to give it
Comment: I’m all for playing physical with shoulder to shoulder but push in the back is a foul. It’s a penalty and a yellow. I don’t understand why people are surprised.
Comment: Penalty yes, second yellow no.

Comment: Kompany won't go even if we get relegated unless he chooses too, we have give him alot of control over signings etc and he did a terrific job rebuilding us last season when we didn't even have a squad when he came in, we had alot of good loan players last season too which we needed at the time but they all had to go back in the summer (tella, and maatsen was probably our 2 best players last season too) 

Last summer we was relegated with an aging squad pretty much all out of contract, things could of been alot worse for us than it is now yes we are struggling with results but we have a young team a few which we could probably profit on in the future or if we get relegated they can have a season of development in the championship if they stay

It's not the end of the world if we don't stay up

Copy and pasted from a similar thread last week,

Also JJ Watt one of the clubs investors did an interview last week saying he is frustrated with how the team is playing and how the season has started so he's under some pressure
Comment: Wasn’t Burnley’s plan to go for promotion in 2 seasons time? They just over performed last year in the championship and are coasting off the premier league money and not that bothered about going back down.
Comment: Seriously. I thought I was going insane with everybody making excuses for them, saying they've had a tough schedule, saying Luton and Sheffield are both worse. Luton are obviously performing a lot better than anybody expected, and Sheffield at least have some fight, other than the two blowouts all of their losses were 1 or 2 goal games. Burnley just get picked apart by everybody every week, they need to change tactics immediately if they want any hope of staying up.
Comment: kompany just seems incredibly stubborn tbh, no reason to keep attempting to play this dominant system with championship level players in the premier league apart from just not being able to admit that it hasn't worked/scared to try something new.
Comment: You know its a really interesting balancing act isnt it:

- if a manager doesn’t stick to his principles (e.g. EtH right now) then he’s rudderless and going nowhere and he should just stick to his principles

- if a manager hard sticks to his principles (e.g. Kompany) then he needs to be more flexible and should bend his principles in order to win matches.

They’re both two extremes and I can see them both going before the season ends. Very different circumstances, just find it an interesting dichotomy.
Comment: It’s still relatively early and not adrift of surviving but I’d agree that something needs to change.  There are stupid nonprofessional mistakes being made that need cutting out.  Plenty of chance to score created but not taken.  However, our main striker has missed over half the games and our two main CH’s have played a couple of games together only.

I think our defense plays to high, are not fast enough to cope with EPL forwards, hence, we are shipping to many goals as the main problem, which is down to tactics.  

We probably are the worst team in the league but people have to remember how many players came in, new to England, new to the manager, new to team mates, new to the tactics.  They have to get over a large change of living, language, finding a home and friends. All this does need time. 

Hopefully it’ll get better and we can improve, obviously, if we don’t then we’ll go down, I don’t think VK will be pushed. However, if he gets a new opportunity,  then he could decide to go himself.
Comment: I couldn't believe the way he tried to come and play at St James, so naive!

He's clearly a good coach because he has managed to get a group playing a very specific style and sticking to it, but as a manger he has a lot to learn!
Comment: Have watched every Burnley game this season. I cannot for the life of me, figure out why Kompany continually asks his team to play out from the back. It is baffling considering how shakey Trafford can look with the ball at his feet. In the match just gone against Palace, the Burnley plays all were under instruction to play out from the back, Ayew catches Bayer out in possession and 5 seconds later Palace score. The camera cuts to Kompany on the sidelines and he’s telling them to forget it and move on, still staying with the possession based play with the back. He’s tactically stubborn playing this possession based football that the bigger clubs can play, however they can afford the technically advanced players that can actually operate in a possession based system. 

I feel like Kompany’s team cannot adapt or survive playing possession football, however it’s the “new breed” of football so that’s how it’s going to be. Potentially be the worst premier league team in the history of the league, going to Spurs or Liverpool who will press the guts out of them, force errors and do them 4+0.

Happy to hear anyone else’s thoughts on this.
Comment: I think the issue for Burnley and the way they're being viewed is their manager and they style of play that got them promoted. Most people were predicting them to be the 1 promoted side to make waves this season because of who their manager is and because he'd attract quality players and continue to play that exciting brand of football.

The reality of the PL is a lot different and what they have actually ended up with is an inexperienced manager who hasn't been able to adapt and react to how different the PL is. He may well turn things around but I really think he needs to focus on different styles otherwise they seem nailed on to concede whereas really they probably need to try and get some scrappy 1-0 wins!

Bit harsh to class them as the worst side though. I mean, had Sheff U not been given a very generous penalty on Saturday, they'd still be sat on 2 points and no wins in November! I'd also add Bournemouth to this discussion as well - they seem clueless on how they should be playing
Comment: I don't feel like they're the worst club, but they have a manager that's apparently over his head and is unwilling to change.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: There's not one period in that entire word-vomit, and only one comma.

Use some punctuation for fucks sake.
Comment: I said this to friends, I think he’ll leave if he thinks he can’t keep them up. I can see him walking, he will not want relegation on his CV. Yes he could go down with them and bring them up but he won’t, if they get relegated he’ll leave anyway. He won’t want to manage in the championship again.
Comment: Kompany fancies himself as a manager but is floundering at the top level
Comment: I only recently watched a game of theirs but I was very surprised at just how bad they are at building out of the back when it has been their intent to do just that for awhile now
Comment: Kompany needs to change tactics since what he did in the championship won’t work in the EPL.
Comment: When Gary O'Neill said on MNF, I have my idea of how I want my team to play, and then from there we work our way back based on how they play.


I think kompany has an idea of how he wants his team play and won't change, but you can have your own principles and ideas that never change but you work them around a game plan.


 Every time I've seen them it's the same story, I can't believe how easy they are to get at through the middle of the pitch. You don't have to play quickly to get through them. They struggle physically too. To stay up you need to have a few good runs and I just can't see them putting together 2 wins and a draw in a row
Comment: Absolutely called it. Luton will finish above Burnley this year, Kompanys arrogance and reluctance to change tactical will doom him. I said prior to the season started that if he didn’t change they’d be down by Christmas. You just cannot play the way he wants in the prem with the players he has.
Comment: Yup. It's like Burnley forgot they aren't in the Championship anymore and barely made any proper signings and adjustments to the tactics. It's almost 2024 and they're starting Jay Rodriguez in the PL, that should tell us all about the state of the team. As things stand the only thing that could keep them up would be a nightmare from Luton and Sheffield and Everton's point deduction.

Also it's as if they learned nothing from Southampton's purchase of Bazunu. Why would you overpay for an inexperienced GK when surely there are better options out there for less money.
Comment: Yeah there were some extremely cringe takes about him being a candidate for Pep's successor. Fact is he took a fairly established Premier League club and won the championship with it, and now he's bringing it straight back down because he's not any good. He'll be the first to go.

Comment: On current form Burnley still won't beat them
Comment: Pickford will dismantle Burnley playing on the wing

Jo Picky Jo Picky Running down the Wing, English King
Comment: No under 23's? That's what we had to use.
Comment: Amount of money they spent over the years? They should be able to field two teams. Make them play.

Absolutely unbiased and not bitter comment.

UTC
Comment: It’s been postponed -  no surprise there!
Comment: That’s not COVID related, it’s just that no one wants to play for him.
Comment: I know it obviously had to happen but it’s so sad the Boxing Day games are being postponed , normally the best time of the year
Comment: Is doucoure fit?can anyone confirm whether he has covid
Comment: We had to play arsenal with only 9 senior players available, stop moaning about playing a lesser team (no disrespect burnley fans)
Comment: Yet the Leeds and pool match is cancelled. This league is a joke
Comment: spend so much money have so many youth teams stop crying and play the game
Comment: Draft in the U23’s to fill those spots
Comment: Just Play Rafa Up Front. Can’t Be Any Worse Than Rondon
Comment: The Burnley - Everton game has been postponed.
Comment: :) everything is fine :)
Comment: Bet wants to go back to Newcastle now…
Comment: You're all full of shit, they literally have the best of it in life, they are using it as an excuse, my subs have been cancelled.
Comment: How is this possible? I get a load of first team players have covid but every single Premier league side, hell, all clubs through the tiers at pro level, have a reserve side. Why do they have them if not to keep players in reserve for instances such as this?
Comment: My regards to all DCL owners! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Comment: Am I the only one that has zero sympathy for these millionaires complaining they have too many games of football to play, If Boxing day football gets ruined, I am cancelling my subs and I am never signing back up, go back to your mansions and cry about it in silence.

Comment: I don’t know if Burnley are the same, but as far as I’m aware, West Ham actually got our first kits given to us by Aston Villa, who were a fairly successful and wealthy club by the time we were formalised as West Ham United from Thames Ironworks FC.
Comment: We were the originals, everyone else just has good style.
Comment: You know your claret from your Beaujolais?
Comment: All comes from Villa, largely from the Victorian era when we were the big boys. Trabzonspor in Turkey have a similar connection back to Villa. Crystal Palace also used to don similar colours.

https://www.avillafan.com/32929/the-history-of-the-claret-and-blue-shirt/?amp=1
Comment: When a colour combination bangs it bangs
Comment: Claret and Blue. Scunthorpe United also say hi.
Comment: As the other guy mentioned, aston villa gave their kits to west ham. Burnley i think just liked the kit style from aston villa and copied it basically ( maybe it has something to do with friendship ) im not so sure
Comment: Aston Villa were a very successful and strong side in the victorian era and other clubs copied their kit colour.
Comment: As the story goes, West Ham had a young player called Charlie Dove whose dad was a well known sprinter at the time. At a fair in Birmingham a number of Aston Villa players challenged him to a race and he beat all of them, they couldn’t afford to pay the bet so they gave him a set of football kits as payment and that’s how West Ham came to wear claret and blue rather than the navy blue of the Thames Ironworks days.

From what I understand, Villa’s founder was something to do with Aston Villa Cricket Club and claret and blue were their colours so when he set up the football team he kept the same colours. Villa fans might correct me on that part though.
Comment: Leeds kit is based on Real Madrid
Comment: Huh.. I thought they all copied Colorado Rapids' kit.

j/k
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: They cheapest dye in the late 1800s was apparently blue and red. That’s why so many teams play in these colours. The burgundy colour of these clubs is a third cheap option reached by mixing the two. Why it isn’t a Fiorentina purple I don’t know 🤷🏻‍♂️
Comment: Sure Burnley wear burgundy
Comment: West Ham sticks out to me but Villa and Burnley do look almost identical to me.
Comment: They just happen to be the only three in the same division right now… the same isn’t true if you extend to lower levels of the English league
Comment: Yes they are all drag queens
Comment: Because there are 100s of English (and Welsh) football teams that could theoretically get promoted to the Premier League. These teams are not franchises the way American sports teams are. They are individual businesses that are in the EPL because they have performed well enough to get there. They decide on their own kit, and as long as they meet the requirements of the league, they can be what the team wants.

Comment: It's only 3-1,  
It's only 3-1,  
30,000 empty seats,  
It's only 3-1,  
  
It's only 4-1,  
It's only 4-1,  
40,000 empty seats,  
It's only 4-1,  
  
It's only 5-1,  
It's only 5-1,  
50,000 empty seats,  
It's only 5-1,  
  
It's only 6-1,  
It's only 6-1,  
60,000 empty seats,  
It's only 6-1,  
  
It should've been 10,  
It should've been 10,  
You lucky b\*stards,  
It should've been 10,  
  
The city is ours,  
The city is ours,  
F\*ck off back to London,  
The city is ours...
Comment: I definitely heard 'boring, boring city' but not sure on that one
Comment: From what I picked up was a 'city is ours' chant from the City fans. Ref to the 2011 6-1 against  Man U.
Comment: Most accurate chant ever
Comment: What happened at arsenal game?
Comment: I thought I heard some chant about some player still living with his mum🤣🤣
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Not sure, but the Burnley fans need to realize that they are in the PL now…can’t be throwing shit and running on to the pitch…

