Comment: Nobody:

Liverpool fan: It’s all about us
Comment: Buy of the season is major cap
Comment: You forgot to mention Burnley were down to 10 men and managerless
Comment: I like Endo, but purchase of the season???
Comment: Chelsea are shit but Liverpool fans have real main character syndrome
Comment: Endo definitely buy of the season if you take into account the expectation people had of him when he arrived
Comment: Unless I'm mistaken, not only were they a goal up, but a man up. Both of Burnley goals came after a red card
Comment: Imagine thinking Endo is the signing of the season
Comment: Imagine starting a post about Chelsea only to make it about yourself a few lines in.

Typical scouser.
Comment: I'm an LFC fan and I don't like the constant slandering of Lavia if anybody in your personal lives was in Lavias situation you would advise them to take the 8 yr contract that pays more than going to LFC who coulda signed you at the start of the window but we're fucking around with Southampton all window over a few mil and then trying to double back after bidding for caicedo who was already heading to Chelsea. It's funny now but anyone would advise their own friend/family to go to Chelsea over LFC given the circumstances
Comment: Endo being buy of the season is generous
Comment: It's almost as if a well-run, well put-together team with a quality coaching staff can get the best out of a player no matter what they're worth. 

Honestly, Caicedo and Lavia would have both been excellent at Liverpool too just like they were at their previous clubs. The problem isn't with the players.
Comment: LFC dodged two deadly bullets 😂
Comment: I thought they were going to be good once they figured out their sht, but apparently they don't. Just another talent or money wasted

It's called LONG CON, baby.
Comment: I don’t think Wataru Endo is the signing of the season
Comment: Endo buy of the season? Get a fucking grip
Comment: Go on and shit on Chelsea. We shit on Arsenal and Liverpool during their decade of mediocrity, so it’s only fair that we receive the same.
Comment: Endo is solid but he’s not the Best Buy of the season by any means
Comment: Cant forget buying Mudryk last season just to prevent Arsenal from signing him lol
Comment: Wouldn’t say Endo is buy of the season but he has been a hidden gem that has really saved us. We did really want Caicedo and would have spent big to get him like Chelsea so we can’t say too much. There’s so much more behind the scenes at Chelsea than Caicedo and tbf he’s played pretty good from what I’ve seen (not £120 million performances but still good).

Comment: Chelsea’s owners have clearly lost patience with Poch appearing to turn things around and showing some signs of progress.
Comment: Poch: *wins his last 5 games and starts to make progress*

Boehly: sorry we don't do that here
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: What the actual fuck? They were doing exceptionally well in the 2nd half of the season and picking up form. Shambolic owners
Comment: Just when they were starting to click?
Comment: It felt like his Chelsea were just starting to make sense to? What happened to the “we’re in it for the long term Boehly”
Comment: Wow. It feels like he was just starting to get a tune out of them.  Crazy course of action by their leadership.
Comment: I'm not sure if Chelsea owners have got the memo yet but to have long term success at a club you need to allow a manager to stay for more than 5 minutes.
Comment: What a stupid move for this club.  They were on the ascendancy in the latter stages of the league run.    This is why Arsenal are so revered.  They gave Arteta the time needed to rebuild the team.    The Chelsea chairman is a complete ass hat.   He knows nothing about football.  Teams have to develop.  Integration of young talent has to occur. Pochettino was your man.  He had the pedigree to lead this team to great things.
Comment: This is one of the most mental decisions Chelsea have made in a LONG list of mental decisions.
Comment: I get Chelsea like to copy others ideas but man city's 115 is for violations not new managers
Comment: how did 3 most successful chelsea managers end up jobless at the same time? tuchel, conte, mourinho
Comment: They could bring in Jurgen K……linnsman
Comment: This is fucking madness. He has to deal with the mess left from the badly assembled squad and nuts recruitment policy, he finally gets a tune out of them. Gets them playing good football, pushes them from 12th to 6rh in the last few months of the season and they fuck him off. What kind of idiot run this club?

Chelsea fans, tell me if you think this is nuts too please? As a fan of another team is there something I'm not aware of that makes this make sense to you or are you guys sick of this roller coaster too?
Comment: I’m tired boss.
Comment: Warm up the Frank Lampard
Comment: I was worrying that they might actually be good next season, but thank god that Egbali and Boehly are retarded
Comment: Part of me thinks Poch walked after being told he cant have more control over transfers (keeping conor and trev) and refusing to play their investments to increase their values vs getting the results needed any way possible.
Comment: Holy fuck we are a shit show lol I was Poch out for a while but the last few months we looked like a real football club and he had the team clicking. Also players returning from injury and we got Europe. What the hell are we doing man
Comment: Sorry folks, this is my fault for feeling optimistic about Chelsea’s future. I won’t do it again I promise.

Comment: Lampard escapes 007 meme
Comment: Fuck all the chelsea haters and plastics. You won't be laughing next season when this £600m keeps us from getting relegated again.
Comment: Give him a 5 year contract, regards, all other fans.
Comment: I'm quite surprised we won to be honest
Comment: They won, they finally won a match after a long time.
Comment: Hopefully all the IDIOTS! will get off Lamps' back now. Give him time and he'll get results like today. What a job he will have done if he can get them top half.
Comment: I think with another £250 million in the summer we can challenge Brighton and Brentford for the Conference League Spot. Come on Blues
Comment: Frank is truly the messiah.
Comment: r/premierleague in the mud because Chelsea somehow avoided relegation
Comment: A true battle of the titans
Comment: I’ve always said that all Lampard needs is time and he’ll eventually become an elite level manager. 

Unfortunately the average life expectancy is only 80 years or so unless somebody invents an immortality pill he’s probably better off taking up golf.
Comment: Ahem…Frank Lampard’s Chelsea.
Comment: This sub and the Chelsea sub should just merge; everyone loves Chelsea so much they can't stop talking about us no matter what we do.
Comment: #RACE FOR TOP 20 IS ON BABY
Comment: This league isn’t easy.  Hats off to the new owners on the really smart spending this season.  I was skeptical at first, but now that we have successfully staved off relegation…I’m a believer.  600 million for 42 points…15million a point…worth it.  Excited to see what this group can do with an even bigger budget next season!!!  Dare I say we may be in contention for Europa?  I know I know…let’s get there first.  What season!!  So pumped we will be playing EPL games next year!!
Comment: Has a team been confirmed yet, to have been relegated for next year or all 3 spots still up for grabs?
Comment: Not being annoyed this time on a Saturday is a novel feeling. Quite nice, actually.
Comment: \*aggressively deletes Lampard 007 memes\*
Comment: Yea bottom teams should copy their brilliant transfer strategy to avoid relegation and financial turmoil
Comment: I hate it, chelsea relegation was the next thing on the season wishlist. No wishlist treble for me

Comment: Todd's actually playing 4D chess. 

The worse Chelsea do now. The better picks they get in the draft right.... right?
Comment: The fact that they sacked Tuchel to bring Potter in is comedy gold
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, I can confirm we’re laughing at ourselves
Comment: I'm not laughing at anyone right now, I'm too depressed for that
Comment: You know it’s bad when even Spurs banter you
Comment: Boss, 600mil won't cut it, i think we need 6bil
Comment: Not even a loophole, they’re just spending most of their transfer budget for the next 8 years in one go and crossing their fingers.
Comment: Todd just buy the league and make Chelsea win it. 🤣
Comment: Remember during the transfer window the fans were happy because they were the villains😈😈
Comment: And apparently Boehly in Paris trying to sign Neymar?

It’s pretty clear that Todd just doesn’t have a clue what he is doing.
Comment: My guy be humble you haven’t won a big trophy in this century.
Comment: Even in our current form we will still win a trophy before spurs.
Comment: I'm surprised tuchal hasn't got in touch with his union, over an unfair dismissal case.
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, and realistic mindset on the whole matter… I didn’t get to watch the game, I had a tee time with the boys. Looked at my phone about the 10th tee and saw we were down 1-0 to Southampton and Azpi just got decapitated.

You’re okay for laughing, because I’m laughing with you. As a fan, I don’t think I’ve seen this club go and buy such talent and produce such garbage. Felix looks good, Mudrych looks promising, like we’ve got a very deep group of individuals… we aren’t a team, and won’t be until someone steps up and takes the team by the balls and looks at an Arsenal this season or even a club like Fulham and say “they don’t have ~1bn pounds worth of players on their team, but somehow are doing well for themselves.”

Chelsea at the minute are a group of overpaid individuals.
Comment: Chelsea have one win in 2023 in all comps.
Comment: Only a matter of time before they bring in a top coach and start bein good again.
Comment: K 😔 I’m too sad about our team to even care that a Spurs fan of all teams is laughing at us now.
Comment: I means Saints are in 20th but the EPL is extremely competitive. I was seeing +700 for a Saints win at game time. It’s a big upset but Forest tying City was similar odds. Upsets of that size happen almost every weekend in EPL.
Comment: The team at Chelsea DEFINITELY needs time and for me the big problem lies between Boehly and Potter. I have no idea what kind of relationship they have but Potter is definitely not the one, knocking on Boehly's door and telling him: we need Enzo. It feels a lot like Potter asking for improvement and Boehly's just getting whatever he can. OR: He is just randomly buying players just because they're good and "of course they can help".

The thing is, I really like Potter but this way of working with players is not what he is used to, so you either need a new coach who can also go face-to-face with Boehly, or trust the process and let him work for another year. I just have the feeling that Potter won't get the time…

Other then that, it is shocking to see that 2 years ago I thought TT was building something around the likes of Cesar, Thiago Silva, James and Mount...but now, it seems as if most of them are on the verge to leave in summer - and I can understand that because of the transfers. If you don't trust your team and buy player after player, homegrown players and club legends will not really be happy about that. Maybe James is staying but CA, TS, MM seem to leave. When I heard the rumor about MM leaving to Liverpool (possibly), I thought: Wow, they would really let him go? But it seems as if Boehly doesn't even care about homegrown players and just cares about their form in contract situations. OF COURSE a English local would then go to a team where he knows that manager and management have at least not such a weird relationship and the team is not getting a new player in every 48hrs...

PS: Yes, I know, a lot of people are unhappy about a lot of the players I listed right now, but two years ago it looked like the spine, now it's "worthless"...that's just not how football works.

PPS: Would love to see MM at Liverpool in probably a new role or a Firmino/false 9 replacement if he chose not to stay at Merseyside for too long.
Comment: For reference the US spent around $150 million for Alaska in today's money.  And they have the same chance as Chelsea for winning the league.

Comment: Yeah we ain’t winning that game lol 😂
Comment: Very happy to do Arse a favour if it means beating city tomorrow.
Comment: Chelsea 0-[1] City Haaland 3’
Comment: A lot of hopes lie on Chelsea tomorrow. Rooting for the blues 💙.
Comment: Here’s hoping Haaland scores a hat trick of own-goals for us!
Comment: We are all Chelsea tomorrow. But just for tomorrow...
Comment: all we can do is dream 😭
Comment: Up the Chels
Comment: It’s pretty amazing that despite how bad we’ve been, we’re only 6 points off first place and 3 points off 4th
Comment: Don’t do it to yourself
Comment: Exactly. Sorry but this year anyone but city please.
Comment: All that talk about united being shit. While true, it could be a lot worse than sixth.
Comment: Mudryk Hatty incoming
Comment: Honestly I don't think so because currently we're really unpredictable atm but yeah I guess we'll never know
Comment: Please 🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
Thanks for the love lol
Comment: We could actually get to 8th tomorrow. We won’t but we could. Big step forward.
Comment: Salty Spurs flocking to the comment section after losing to Wolves lol
Comment: For all the chat about Arsenal and Arteta, and all the memeing of Ten Hag and United, there's only 6 points between them. Kind of shows how over exaggerated everything is in the media.
Comment: care for a friendly wager? i'll spot you a goal
Comment: Villa, Villa, Villaaa…

Comment: They better swoop that Big Sam deal with Leeds.
Comment: They just don't care anymore, they're already looking forward for this season to end and start the next one after a break.
Comment: Sterling looks so bad. He had times when I wanted him off the field at Man City...but he has been the worst player on the field.
Comment: Their defending is absolutely comical. Players stood around in the box just watching the ball.
Comment: Playing for draft picks
Comment: Russia invaded Ukraine. Our owner got booted. We hired an American owner. We fired the coach that won the UCL. We spent billions of dollars without a plan to utilize them. We hired a weak, untested manager. We overloaded our locker room.
Comment: Awfully coached side. Looks like everyone is just doing their own thing
Comment: Away ticket refunds, I think…oh no, wrong club…
Comment: It’s all about which club can outshamble who
Comment: Step 1: let your elite manager buy 6 players and spend £200 million

Step 2: Sack elite manager less than a week after the transfer window ends. Replace him with a man who wasn't ready and all the other players preferred the previous guy.

Step 3: freeze out players for no apparent reason while the entire team struggles to score and play a man who isn't a striker as a striker or play a winger in that false 9 role.

Step 4: spend half a billion on players who we probably didn't need and forget to buy a striker.

Step 5: sack the manager after arguably taking too long to do so. Replace him with a man who doesn't even have an official coaching license.

"Why are we in this mess?"-Boehly probably.
Comment: For a minute there I thought I was watching my beloved Spurs!
Comment: We suck lol 😂 have you not seen our run of form Frank has the lads looking like headless chickens even the veteran players are not playing well the sooner this season ends the better
Comment: We sacked a champion league level manager and hired a championship level manager and sacked him, and hired a non-league level manager
Comment: Frank Lampard is the worst manager in Premier League history. When is that going to get the attention it deserves?
Comment: Tanking for the Number One draft pick.
Comment: Regardless of the teams we support this chelsea situation is hard to watch. I'm not hating it but really not loving it, it's sad and pathetic. Ppl blame the signings and the owner fair enough but everyone on that pitch practises to pass the ball to eachother like 5 days a week?

I think the players need to take responsibility for themselves. These okes can't string 3 passes...
Comment: No structure, no build up, players already on vacation
Comment: They’re Spursing
Comment: Frank's playing 4 at the back again 🤣
Comment: Our team looks like eleven men that have never even met each other before, never mind played together.

Comment: Solid return on a billion.
Comment: Keep talking I’m almost there
Comment: Luton, Sheffield & Burnley will save Chelsea from relegation.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: Chelsea came from winning the champions league just 2 years ago, and now they’re 14th and 12th in the league. Wow
Comment: I don’t understand how they’ve spent so much money on so many players I’ve never heard of. Insane.
Comment: I think both Chelsea and Manchester United are worse this season
Comment: They play like relegation candidates
Comment: Probably not but I think they will be competing for top ten. Struggling too. I don't see Pochettino lasting the season.

I know we're very early in and anything could happen still but as a Spurs fan, it's difficult not to feel smug at the so-called experts who were saying that we're definitely a bottom half team without Kane and that Pochettino was going to have Chelsea back in the top 4.
Comment: They've also got pretty much an entire starting 11 injured other than a keeper. Having so many key injuries you can't play your normal system is gonna hurt.
Comment: God I hope so. Let’s have them and Man U down this year
Comment: As a forest fan,  genuinely checking their results as a rival
Comment: Probably not but I am happy
Comment: Chelsea remind me of England from some time back... they had skilled players but they weren't a team - no cohesion. United in the same boat and victims of previous success. I'm hoping Man City will hit a rough patch at some point - they throw big transfer fees around but doesn't guarantee the player will work out.
Comment: No chance based on their squad’s quality, that said, the investment/return ratio right now is very, very funny. 

Chelsea’s biggest weakness isn’t going to be their overspending, but their expectations and impatience potentially making things worse. Hold the nerve and it MIGHT pay off, it kind of needs to, otherwise they are properly fucked.
Comment: Relegation is close to settled for this season imho, but I think next year could be a bloodbath.
Comment: They’ll finish mid table. Boehly is genuinely an absolute cretin. The man has no idea.
Comment: And everyone hated on Potter. 🤭
Comment: Unfortunately not, with Everton Burnley Luton and Sheffield it’ll be them in the relegation scrap . Chelsea is looking to end up mid table again, hopefully lower
Comment: Bah!

They can just spend another billion pounds and reach midtable no problem.

Comment: Offer more 12 year olds 17 year contracts.
Comment: Lose some more I assume
Comment: If you figure it out could you let us know

\-A United Fan
Comment: Wait until those 8 year contracts wind down then start over.
Comment: What do you mean? Chelsea is the greatest team in the Prem - they beat Liverpool to Caicedo and Lavia and won the transfer market derby???
Comment: Mourinho 3.0
Comment: they go here 👉🏻 r/theother14
Comment: Drive home, I’d imagine.
Comment: Spend another billion and climb to 8th place
Comment: Shoot the ball more often. When they cant break the team down with passing take a shot, might get a deflection or anything. Move the ball quicker too, the passing is so tame its way too easy to defend against them. Get a better striker in January as Jackson is not ready yet imo. Learn how to play against team sitting 10 men behind the ball, everyone knows how to play against Chelsea
Comment: In the bin. Todd’s came in to the most decorated club over the last 20 years and absolutely annihilated it. Big sack of shite.
Comment: Accept mid table mediocrity
Comment: Sacking Poch will make it worse. The problem is higher up.
Comment: Buy some more world class players for over inflated sums.

Sell some more highly rated British players and win at FFP.
Comment: Spend another billy
Comment: Dissolve the club
Comment: Bring back Lampard
Comment: Offer more kids €300M contracts
Comment: Sack Poch and have a fire sale in January. Let a really smart dog run the club for the rest of the season.
Comment: Couldn’t tell you we are washed

Comment: At least he's honest. If fans from any other top flight club believe that deep down their club doesn't think exactly the same they're deluded. 

Football has long been a business and the role of any CEO is to maximise returns.
Comment: If I'm a customer then I want my fucking refund
Comment: Yes we know
Comment: Many film studios CEO’s don’t like movies and see fans as customers as well. It’s the nature of capitalism and private equity in particular
Comment: I’ve got news for you. Any business executive running a football club sees fans as customers.
Comment: I am shocked, SHOCKED!
Comment: This sub: The Mirror is suddenly a high quality journalistic source when it’s shitting on Chelsea
Comment: Hahaha welcome to America boys. We are all peasant pawns to the wealthy
Comment: Love all the Chelsea fans acting like this isn't a big deal. You're in for a rough ride, the Glazers at the helm for United has been soul destroying as a fan, they have been nothing but leeches. Enjoy the next decade, you might win a few things, you'll sign some of the biggest names, but none of it will work out because winning isn't the goal, profits are.
Comment: Hedge fund guy is a hedge fund guy. More at 8
Comment: Since people don't read articles. 

This is not Boehly, it's the CEO who was appointed in May 2023. A CEOs job is to make sure the company makes money for the shareholders. Don't care if he's a fan, just make the best deals for the club which is his entire job. 

Also he acknowledges how weird it sounds for him to be in this position and say he does not like football, it's in the article.
Comment: Water is wet.

Cut from the same cloth as the Glazer rats, are you even surprised at this point
Comment: This could be said about many people in those positions in football.

I love to rag on Chelsea but the game is riddled with parasites.
Comment: I knew it. I’m from the USA and that’s how the USA run their biz, not a sport but an entertainment and a money making machine. 

That’s how it’s always been with nfl as well and they’re taking it to UK football.
Comment: Not surprised he doesnt like it when he's watching chelsea every week.
Comment: Every US fan knew this was a big problem. Been watching the EPL since 2011 and it's amazing how often American business owners think they can adapt highly consumeristic attitudes abroad without understanding customs and the culture. Why Starbucks failed hard on its first go in Australia. United under the Glazers too. Some are an exception but far and few between. Just about everyone from the US who follows the league knew Chelsea were going to be in trouble and predicted something going bad due to the mindset of our CEO's.
Comment: With the amount clubs have to spend on salaries and transfers why do these American fookers even bother with football surely there are far more profitable things to invest in?
Comment: Most Americans have only one metric of evaluating success - revenue. And they'll do what's needed to drive that metric up.
Comment: I had that sinking feeling when I saw Boehly sitting in the box with James Corden - the man is clearly an idiot. Then the follow on happened with buying everyone walking past the stadium. Not great.
Comment: Ed Woodward is it you?

Comment: The worst part is

Who is shocked? People do this shit on the internet all the time fucking idiots need to grow up
Comment: It's vile that people do this. Potter shouldn't be receiving death threats, never mind his kids.
Comment: Dunno whats worse... the threats themselves, or the replies on twitter to the stories saying that if he cant handle the threats he should just resign, that its part and parcel of the pressure of being a Football Manager etc.

NO... Just NO... Death Threats, any form of abuse... Is just not okay

People shouldnt be uncomfortable doing ANY job
Comment: I support Chels because of my father. Not because I enjoy being associated with the cunts that populate the fanbase.
Comment: Scum
Funny that when they're doing well these type of toxic fans are all 'we won', 'we played well' but when they're losing its 'they're shit', 'they don't know what they're doing'.
If you own a club's achievements as your own you should own their bad times too.
Comment: Dont worry. If and When you start winning, they will change their tune and say, they never did anything like that and they always supported you, through the bad times.
Comment: Least Inbred chelsea fans
Comment:  Bunch of scum . I hope the club can locate some of these pricks and ban them .
Comment: That’s not actually a “death threat” but more of a “death wish”
Comment: I love how people try to attribute social and psychological behaviours to a group of global individuals based on the club the support. These aren’t ’Chelsea Fans’, they are assholes who say they support Chelsea.
Comment: Toxic club!
Comment: This is fucking disgusting
Comment: Chelsea fans taking the news they're a mid table team again well then...
Comment: Generally I'm so tired of this BS. You won't wish people to die, not football coaches, not musicians, not athletes, nobody. People don't deserve that.
Comment: Wish I could say I'm shocked.
Comment: ngl after reading this story I started thinking that it may not be 100% atrocious we got relegated at least there's that 1% saving grace were pieces of shit like this will go support another club
Comment: Same Chelsea fans are gonna be sucking him off when he comes good
Comment: Chelsea FC fan here since 25 years :  the frustrations of the huge lack of results are very high but going this far is unacceptable. They are making of us and the club a very bad image. I want Potter sacked as he's not up for the job but this is going too far.
Comment: The meltdown of Chelsea fans has been just ridiculous. Potter has had to deal with extenuating circumstances unlike any other coach this last year - injuries to key players (James, Chilwell, Kanté etc.), new ownership, 400 new signings to somehow find a structure for with just a few days between each game, and deadwood players who just aren't good enough anymore (Kepa, Aubameyang, Pulisic, Mendy, Azpilicueta, Havertz etc.)

 Fixing Chelsea in their current state will take time, and Potter needs to be given it. Give him a pre-season to move on the deadwood and form a structure for all the new signings and I strongly feel he'll make them a scary team again.
Comment:  Cunts being cunts.

I’m so shocked. /s

Comment: Not really surprising they dropped off. That can happen when you win the league in September.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Spurs are a great football team! They just need to work on shooting, passing, defending, set pieces, physical, cardio, tactics, winning trophies and not being small.
Comment: How about Chelsea were brilliant and always turn up at home against Spurs
Comment: As an Australian, I’ve been hearing these same soundbytes (win or lose) since the early 2000’s.
Comment: If you could find it in time for Man City please, Ange!
Comment: Lacked belief against Poch’s Preschoolers? Yikes
Comment: I'm sure they'll turn it around against city
Comment: This guy was somewhat dismissive of the role setpieces play after the Arsenal game. And here they came back to haunt him. He's either very naive or arrogant
Comment: To run that rigid and clearly failing offside trap in that first game vs Chelsea for along as they did, coupled with their set piece deficiencies and Ange's stated prioritizing of his 'attacking philosophy" over it, tells all you need to know about his long term viability as a Prem manager.
Comment: Honestly speaking, is there a rival that has a hold over another one like Chelsea  have over spurs?
Comment: Spurs fan myself , just give mate some time , the players are the ones to blame (and set pieces)
Comment: Looks like Son and Maddison have faded over the season also. Brennan Johnson is a poor man's Theo Walcott.
Comment: Nothing to do with your tactics, mate
Comment: They also lacked the ability to defend set pieces. You’d think Angry Ange would do something about that given they given up 16 this season. 
Comment: What happened at Newcastle then?
Comment: At this point it's not tactics. It's passion, our midfielders have been playing like busted asses for weeks and the problems have been huge for months.

We've scraped points in so many games this year when we havn't looked the better side. Our middle 3 currently is honestly absolutely pathetic.
Comment: Belief doesn't win the ball on set pieces
Comment: And the ability to pass the ball properly
Comment: Ange your the problem you refuse or incapable adapting how you play to other teams! Its always the same way

Comment: Football manager ass transfer policy
Comment: Of course we did.

Our squad is clearly too old, need to get that average age under 21!
Comment: 55 million over 55 years
Comment: How is this even happening when the team is over both FFP and whatever this 5x spending cap rule that is being currently discussed. A 17 year old isn’t going to get the squad to Europe this year or even probably the next year after that, that’s the only way they will get enough revenues to get out of trouble. Selling Gallagher and a couple other home grown players was the way forward this offseason to get out of the hole they’re in, not a reason to run up the credit card again.
Comment: They'll never learn
Comment: Contract will probably be until he's 75
Comment: Do Chelsea just pull up the football manager wonder kid list and sort by highest potential?
Comment: He's going to Reading on a free 5 years from now
Comment: Or or or....buy osihmen and score goals.....the reluctance to buy a proven striker is astounding.
Comment: As a palmeiras fan giving my 2 cents, he is considered to have higher potential than endrick, but since he is not a psychically strong, is needing a bit more time to adjust to professional football. He just turned 17 and in my opinion is truly a wonderkid. 

Hope he doesn't go to Chelsea though, young Brazilian players need more creative freedom to flourish, the EPL is not the place for that (la liga is ideal imo)
Comment: Honestly, someone explain how the fuck chelsea can keep spending this type of money.
Comment: Another club should say they are also interested for shits and giggles and watch Chelsea increase it to 100mil.
Comment: Chelsea are like that guy with no money who keeps on spending
Comment: Bohely has a financial domination kink or something because ain't no way
Comment: 19 year contract?!?
Comment: This is the most Chelsea headline ever
Comment: Haven’t they learnt anything from the last 2 years
Comment: Not that we need any more "wonderkids," but it's apparently €30M + €25M in addons.
Comment: spending like jackasses just to finish behind shit teams like tottenham is wild 🤣👍
Comment: Fuck my life they're getting younger 😭

Comment: They sacked a great manager, replaced him with a guy who has no experience with big clubs and didn’t get a preseason, filled the club with way too many new signings, ruined team cohesion, resulting in bad results and now morale is in the bin. 

They need to sack him just to get new manager bounce and boost morale a bit, cos as it stands they’ll be lucky to play in Europe next season.
Comment: In 5 games in February, Chelsea have scored 1 goal.
Comment: Honestly Nottingham Forest looks more frighting than Chelsea atm.

Potter is not going to be around for long..
Comment: After the Super League fiasco, Boehly wanted to reconnect with London's grassroots football so he turned Chelsea into a Sunday League team.
Comment: It seems like Potter is only a mere mediocre muggle manager
Comment: Terribly low on confidence, to the point where even simple things seem awfully difficult. As anyone who’s experienced being severely down in life, all they have to do is keep going one day after another. I hope potter is providing the help that’s needed but it isn’t visible just yet. Hopefully soon. And I hope potter has the support he needs to keep him going. I can’t even  imagine what death threats to his kids on top of being questioned day in day out about your ability must be doing to him. 
I am not sure if Potters got what it takes to be top manager but he’s definitely better than what we are seeing.
Comment: The 600 million transfer business has been dreadful they are all brought for the future. They need players now.
Comment: Too many signings can do that to a manager. They'll bounce back but with a different manager.
Comment: Our team looks terribly down. They all look depressed and out of energy. I see a lot of psychological issues for sure. It's a strong squad without a soul! I don't know if there things behind thr scene we don't know about that,are taking a,toll on them
 It could be Abramovich knew football and Boehly doesn't?!"
Comment: I find it very odd that, potter hasn't decided to dig in for a few matches and scrape away with wins to build some confidence. When you are struggling, you cannot play expansive football. I love what Ten Hag did after 2 losses at the start of the season or how liverpool is trying mid block recently. Try to be assured at the back and build from there. I guess inexperience shows.
Comment: Boehly can’t admit that it’s not working. 🤦🏻‍♂️
Comment: I think its very difficult to integrate so many new players at once, especially when there is a new manager who hasnt had the time to properly implement his style into the existing team yet.
Comment: Spending money without a strategy is just spending money.
Comment: Boehly and Potter have turned them into Everton. It’s a fucking nightmare.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: See as an American, Boehly thinks that if he tanks this year they can get a top draft pick so Chelsea can land the next Mbappe or Haaland, and we should hope to be a fly on the wall the moment he realizes thats not how it works.
Comment: English Manager happened to them and English managers are good at mid table quality
Comment: No confidence. No tactics. No points.
Comment: The thought of us in a relegation scrap is so hilarious that I actually kinda want to see it.

If we got a new manager in before the Dortmund game, I can see the new manager bounce carrying us through to a good end to the season and at this rate, 6th would be amazing but it seems like nothing much will change. 

I've backed Potter a lot but he needs to be put out of his misery. The job is clearly too big for him at the moment. And when people ask why "dinosaurs" like Hodgson, Allardyce, Warnock etc keep getting jobs over and over again, it's because regardless of the size of the club they know how to walk in and command respect instantly and get everyone playing the style they believe in - whether it's attractive or not. Potter hasn't done that.
Comment: Potter isn’t on the level. Too many signings without outgoings. A lot of injuries but we’re back to full health now and there’s no more excuses. No passion, no desire, no cohesion. We don’t have a style of play. We just hold the ball and pass it around the back. No runs. No progressive passes. No big chances created. No ability to cross the ball. Can’t break out and score on the counter. No service to players in the box. I could go on forever

Comment: On the plus side you can start processing your application to join r/TheOther14
Comment: Chelsea need to let the situation play out.

The club and fanbase were built at a time where their expenditure bought instant success because nobody else could match them. Nowadays any top 6 club can attract most top talent in the £50m-£100m range, so the sole advantage Chelsea had has now gone. 

You've got to do what every other club does and develop the players you have. Sure, you've overpaid massively during the summer but none of them are bad players, they just need time. 

The problem is that you probably can't put anyone on loan for experience because the wages will be astronomical, and you can't sell anyone without taking a massive hit. Mudryk should have been a £30m purchase and loaned straight back to Shakhtar but they got sucked into a dick swinging contest with Arsenal,.and Shakhtar played a blinder. You've got to just ride out the fluctuating form of these players now.
Comment: Accept that you had it unbelievably good for twenty years and now Chelsea are feeling the other side of footballs emotional rollercoaster. 

You’ll have to suffer for a few years, as all fans do, and be patient for the probable, but not guaranteed, turn around once the morons who bought you club learn what the hell to actually do. 

No one is guaranteed enduring success. Even those who feel entitled to it due to the way the club behaved with the previous regime. That is hard to accept but is the only truth you’ll find as a Chelsea fan right now.
Comment: Liquidate the club…
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Chelsea fan here and it sucks to see the Americanization of the way clubs are run. The Premiere League is not like Major League Baseball where you get youngsters and sign them to long term contracts. This is the problem when shortsighted business decisions guide team formation and strategy decisions.
Comment: Carry on as they are, it’s brilliant too see
Comment: You guys are screwed. You've tied down most of your squad to 7 and 8 year contracts, and those players are no good. Yes, they're young. But they're currently not good enough, and they've not shown enough to suggest they're going to be world class in the future.
Todd Boehly has destroyed your club and there isn't anything you can do about it.
Talk to a Newcastle fan about Mike Ashley. They'll be able to tell you whay you're in for.
Comment: Return to where you belong
Comment: >every week I go into watching it with uncertainty of what the scoreline will be

Call me old fashioned, but isn't that the point of going to watch live sport?
Comment: No more foreign billionaires. You lot were the ManC of the past. Thats the reality. You paved their way
Comment: Maybe adjust your expectations.

How much you enjoy your teams performances is dependant on what your expectations are. I support Salford in rugby league and my hope is for us to not come bottom and not enter administration. That means if we come 8th in a league of 12, I’m happy. However, if you expect your team to be in a title race or competing for top 4 and you are midtable, you won’t be happy. This seems to be your case.

There’s fans of other clubs who would be over the moon to be 11th so stop being such a drama queen basically.
Comment: I think if you’re a chelsea fan you need to be patient with Poch and the team.

The club need proven EPL players as opposed to unproven ones like Mudryk and Jackson. Despite the millions spent they still need better players.
Comment: Sell the club back to Roman , fire Pochettino and bring back Mourinho , there’s your problems solved.  Chelsea fan across the pond
Comment: What did Chelsea fans expect after the summer? You bought a shit load of young and inexperienced players with almost zero PL experience.

If you expected top 4 you're delusional
Comment: I agree with everything. But I think the only real option is to give them time. Which seems absurd. But realistically we have chopped and changed managers and players. Since before the Boehly era and it  hasn't worked. What's left, but to give them time to work it out?
Comment: Ya man went out and literally just bought a bunch of kids which have the potential to be worldies in two-three years and left it at that. On the flip side he also allowed all of the older experience players just leave meaning these kids have no guidance.

All there is, is Thiago Silva knocking about the place to set the tone on fitness and mentality. A fantastic player for that but what an uphill struggle it must be as he's by himself. Then the other senior pro is Stirling who has never shown signs of leadership, more like the opposite and is likely counter acting whatever Silva is bringing.

Is Chelsea buy 2-3 serious senior pros as squad players I think it could all work out for them but a managerial change and more of the same is more likely to happen.
Comment: This is what happens when you don't have the backing of a semi-state oligarch.

Chelsea have been used to having a routine cycle of semi-falling off, then immediately bouncing back with a new coach and a trophy or two to boot. Whereas ourselves, united and liverpool have had banter eras and had to rebuild... shit, utd still are.

And I'm all for it.
Comment: Clubs used too success always moan when they don't win things, when they think they should. For supposed big clubs the cup competition mean nothing now, so it's champions league qualification or nothing.
You cannot buy success, look at Luton for a proper football story, 11 seasons ago they won the conference, now playing Pl football and not being battered, Ipswich might be a Pl club next season, these are real football stories, not having a squad you hate of 50nto 100 million players who cannot be arsed.
As a Leeds fan this season in the championship has been refreshing, all the rats left and a proper team who want to play for the club has emerged. If we get up I'm not looking fwd too the Pl at all.
Watched spurs vs Luton yesterday and spurs a top 4 side were so poor it was unreal.
Things go in cycles but without the right manager and a clear vision supported by the club you can have the most expensive players and it won't happen for you. Chelsea and man u atm.
Get the right manager and good things happen, see villa, Ipswich, leeds
Comment: The reality is, not panic is all Chelsea need to do. 

It is a LONG term investment, all the players they have brought in are young without huge experience. Inconsistency is a huge thing at those kinds of ages. 
If Chelsea keep it all together for 2-3 years they’ll be one of the best again, it’s a whole rebuild and the time needed in that can’t be understated.

Comment: Pep didn't seem too fussed about keeping him
Comment: Broken into what starting team? The carabao cup? 

He’ll barely play for City, they just bought Doku as well. Chelsea seems like an awful move but leaving City seems like a good idea for him
Comment: Really is crazy money, probably hoping with Lavia and Palmer they get the KDB effect in reverse.
Comment: To my mind if he’s worth a club like chelsea risking 45mil on he would have been worth City keeping around this season with KDB long term injured and Mahrez gone. 

I know they’ve just bought Doku but it does feel like the squad depth City have had in attack over the last few years has somewhat dwindled with the sales of Sterling/Mahrez/Jesus.
Comment: There aren't that many players in his position though.

Sterling prefers playing off the left, mudryk the same.

His only competition for the RW spot is Madueke.

For CAM it's Nkuknu and Chuky who are both injured. Gallagher is not 10. 

He has every opportunity to nail down a starting role in the coming weeks.

Just to dispel this whole "Chelsea have all these players" rubbish

GK - Sanchez, Bettenelli, Petrovic

LB - Chillwell, Cucu 

CB - Disasi, Badiashile, Silva, Colwill, (Fofana out for season, Chalobah to be sold)

RB - James, Gusto

CM - Enzo, Caicedo, Lavia, Gallagher,

CAM - Nkunku, Chuky

RW - Palmer, Madueke

LW - Sterling, Mudryk

ST - Jackson, Broja

That's a squad of 23, including some of the youngsters such as Maatsen, Lesley, Burstow and Humphries and you have a normal premier league squad
Comment: Leaving City is the right move. Going to Chelsea is the wrong move.
Comment: Saying that he’d broken into the starting team is an absolute stretch. He started one game out of 5 so far this season, and that was with KDB and Bernado silva injured, and Doku not yet signed. His only league appearance so far this season was a 10 minute cameo. He’ll probably have equal competition for playing time numbers wise, but the level of player in those positions is lower at Chelsea so there’s more chance of him winning a spot.
Comment: He’s been given an 8 year contract. He’s just set himself up for life, makes perfect sense.
Comment: It’s so they could buy nunes
Comment: *Chelsea signs player*

reddit: WHY?HOW? 

and repeat
Comment: {insert player name} to Chelsea makes 0 sense to me
Comment: I wonder also if City is losing a HG player status that would be hard to find in the future from their academy. However, presumably McAtee might be coming through the ranks
Comment: so good to come back
Comment: Feels great to come back to this now
Comment: Pep has said in the past that if a player wants to leave he won't keep them. Can't ignore also as a business decision getting that much money for someone with little appearances and goals. It's a shame he is gone for sure but city will always find a way and fill the spot with others, ie doku, foden, Silva or another youngster
Comment: Palmer is about to prove a lot of people wrong.
Comment: 🥶🥶🥶
Comment: He had no chance to be starter in City, Cheslea are rebuilding, almost no one is regular starter since they are finding themselves, also lot of injuries, so space to show his quality. And to be honest, who is his competition? Maybe Sterling, but he can play all the positions upfront, maybe Mudryk?
Comment: From City’s POV - it was a no brainier 45 mil for a player who is not a first team regular and pep also said only permanent move will be entertained so its a good move
But from Palmers POV - A decision that is influenced by money it seems! There’s huge wages involved plus 7 years security! 
All the drama around not enough playtime is just BS he will get even less opportunities at Chelsea! Dont think Poch will trust such an inexperienced player consistently
Comment: City made bank on a guy who has barely done anything.

From his perspective it seems a bit like a young guy who thinks hes owed starting minutes. Either way, nice move by city. They have essentially financed the transfer for a guy that has actually proven to be good

Comment: 10th sounds about mid table
Comment: You have to take your pick, accept that it's a project that will take time, or keep your expectations high and be consistently disappointed when it isnt working.

The reality of the premier League now is that there are probably 7 or 8 clubs competing for the European spots so I think fans, across the board, need to realign their expectations.

Some seasons you will progress, others you will falter. I'm highly doubting there is going to be a, "we're back" moment where everything goes back to the way it was.
Comment: Finished mid-table last year, sits mid-table now. Definition of mid-table.
Comment: "Languishing in 10th..."

Could be worse. You could be 2nd bottom with a 10 point deduction getting beaten at home by a "struggling" United.

I think you may need to adjust your expectations for this season...
Comment: Welcome to the club
Comment: Not really. Chelsea have played better than their points suggest this season and if they sign a competent striker in January they will be much better. Let's not forget if anyone's going to splash the cash in January it will most certainly be Chelsea. Losing against Newcastle isn't as embarrassing as it used to be, they're a quality side.
Comment: r/theother14 is that way buddy
Comment: I think they have been since last season mate
Comment: To say this hurts me: Chelsea will come back in 1-2 years. They sold off all their older talent and replaced a lot of them with new faces. They have had some brutal key injuries that haven’t helped them trying to get back to winning. If Chelsea are lower than 8th at the end of the year I’d be shocked. They don’t look bad when it’s clicking but it’s just hard to get a team this new to each other and that young to just gel. Especially when your key attacking signing took knock before you ever kicked off a meaningful game.
Comment: Hopefully Chelsea will be a mid table in non league football …🤞come on FFP
Comment: Considering many of the players only met each other four months ago mid table is to be expected. No other club in the PL has attempted a virtual 'clean slate' start with a whole new inexperienced team and squad. We're in slightly uncharted territory here, no one really knows how it's going to work out. Yes it's frustrating but it's just where we are. The next stage of development, next generation of players to be bought is probably the most important. What can we afford? Who has to leave to pay for it? What does that do for remaining team moral?
Comment: They are a big 10 team.
Comment: If you could somehow be 10.5^th then you’d truly be in the middle. 

Chelsea aren’t “midtable,” they are “underperforming wealthy club.”  The difference between Palace and Chelsea is that Chelsea can hope to regain their previous heights whereas Palace probably can’t compete to win the PL or the CL in the near future.
Comment: This doesn't answer the question but a big deal is being made of Man U's struggles in the media (social and mainstream) so it's easy to use them as a benchmark for "just how bad are we?" However, they're not a good benchmark for that. Since the start of October, they're the form team in the league having won every game except vs Man City. They've lost two games in the UCL that they shouldn't be losing but that's it (and Galatasaray are in splendid form right now anyway).
Comment: Once Roman left, I already reverted to 90’s Chelsea mentality. Fucking glad we won the champions league recently, should be able to survive off those fumes for at least another decade.
Comment: Imagine spending a light billion and being this utter shit. Doesn’t matter in the prem. just try to spend more money maybe and you can climb to 8th place
Comment: It’s such a new and young team, and whilst you’re currently mid table that’s not going to be the case in a year or two.

It’s like Arsenal under Arteta, giving them time has yielded results, you have to commit to the process otherwise you’re just chasing short term success that may work for a season and then you drop off again.
Comment: "now"?
Comment: They're returning to their proper position in the table
Comment: What you really should be asking is if Chelsea is now part of the other 14 and not the big 6

Comment: No, United fans are worried about United.
Comment: It's like a toddler learning to run chasing a tired man in a wheelchair
Comment: Mate we have bigger problem to worry about than Chelsea. If you think finishing 6th or 7th but above Chelsea makes for a good season you are mistaken. Our season is over and all we have to look forward to is FA cup. So who cares man
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: As a lifelong match going Red, I can tell you most of us aren't really bothered about what happens this season. We're not desperately hoping for anything where the PL is concerned, praying we get this place or that place, or finish above Chelsea or whatever. We just want the season over so we can let the new people start doing their jobs. I know a few lads who've even stopped watching the league games. 

The cup final? We're obviously hoping for a win there, but secretly more hopeful we don't get embarrassed. 

TL;DR This season is a total write off, none of us really care.
Comment: Why worry about Chelsea when Newcastle are one point behind lol
Comment: I dont care anymore. 
Comment: We are too dead inside to worry about Chelsea hope we finish entirely out of Europe at this point
Comment: united fans have no reason to be scared, watch us drop points against west ham, forest and bournemouth
Comment: United fans should worry about United lol
Comment: We don’t care
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, I don’t think they should. We r incredibly inconsistent. I don’t even know what chelsea to expect each game.
Comment: I’m worried every game if we’ll score a goal, let alone win
Comment: Should they not be more concerned about the team that's one point behind them who they still have to play?
Comment: This is a really funny post. Mate, we are worried about Sunday league teams right now. We are that shite.
Comment: >Asides the defeat at Arsenal they played really well vs Everton, City, Villa and now Spurs.

We also drew to Sheffield United and 10-man Burnley in the few weeks before this. 

United and Chelsea are doing their best to send the other to Europe by the looks of it. Both so inconsistent.
Comment: Pip us to what?
Comment: We are having a mid-off. At this point I don’t even give a fuck I just want the season to end.
Comment: why is this not also directed at Newcastle utd?
Comment: Mate, I'm worried about Bournemouth 🤣

Comment: So if I understand correctly this was 21 million pounds to buy him out from Brighton, 60 million to sack him, whatever they paid/are paying tuchel, whatever they have to pay a new manager, half a billion pounds on players, and they are 11th on the table. And then, what does the new manager do if he doesn’t like one of these players on a 50 year contract?

Just incredible stuff.
Comment: The boy who lived, come to die.
Comment: What an incredibly expensive failure that was, he just got a massive payout
Comment: Sacked tuchel while at sixth only to fall to 11th with half a billion spent. Shame, i wanted him to succeed but this should have been done weeks ago.
Comment: Potter to Leicester?
Comment: Well it had to happen sooner or later. Just a matter of when.

Wonder who they'll try to get as a replacement.
Comment: What an extraordinarily well run club Chelsea have turned into. I always like how they plan so well for the future.
Comment: ‘We’re tryna win the facking champs league mate’
Comment: Chelsea all or nothing: The return of Frankie lampard
Comment: Very stupid appointment to begin with. To think he was a better option than to just keep Tuchel is asinine to me
Comment: Boehly has absolutely no idea what he is doing. Third manager in a season lol
Comment: A certain Italian manager is available to hire :)
Comment: Hahahahahahahaha
Comment: Why is Nagelsmann so highly regarded anyway?
Comment: Potter to Leicester I reckon
Comment: I think people are showing a lot of disrespect towards potter.

It didn't work out at Chelsea and I'm not sure many managers could handle bohley.

Potter isn't shit, he just has zero experience with his role at Chelsea.

Never managed a big club, never managed superstars, never managed a club with European fixtures, never managed a club who signs 3 forwards without selling any of the ones they have.

I'm not saying he did a good job at Chelsea but his stint there shouldn't define his managerial CV.
Comment: Conte is available. 🤣
Comment: Bro fell victim to the hype train around him ran by the media. Retrospectively the move from Brighton to a Big Six side was too soon. You either make it big time or your growing reputation takes a big dent. It’s unfortunately the latter for him in this case. Wonder where he goes next. Leicester? Tottenham? And more importantly, who comes in to the Chelsea now? Surely Nagelsmann is one of the favourites, if not the favourite.
Comment: Potter deserved so much better than this mess.
Comment: Job opening at Leicester

Comment: Chelsea should comfortably win, which is exactly why they won’t. I predict a 0-1 loss with a 90+8’ Ross Barkley screamer top bins.
Comment: Personally I feel the absolute opposite. If you're Chelsea right now and you could pick one game out of the 38 to have after their start, it would surely be at home to Luton, right?

There's some pressure, but I don't think that outweighs how heavily superior they are in terms of quality
Comment: If it were at Kenilworth Road it'd be 100x tastier but I think Luton will still be picked apart. 

3-1 fairly easy win to Chelsea.
Comment: What’s going to annoy me about it is that we’ll trounce Luton and our fans will think we’re going to win the league for a week. The delusion in our fanbase goes through the roof if we win a match we should.
Comment: I saw this fun fact the other day:

Boehly has spent over $800M on transfer fees to win a total of 3 PL matches since the January transfer window. Of those teams, two are no longer in the Premier League (Leeds and Leicester City). The 3rd team is Bournmouth.
Comment: I captained Jackson in fpl
Comment: I think that I just want to watch my team play 😉😉
Comment: If Chelsea can't beat Luton with all that money spent. They should be liquidated.
Comment: I think Chelsea will win comfortably 3-0. They aren't as bad as people are making out
Comment: If Luton win, I am naming my first born luton.
Comment: Scenes if Barkley scores the last minute winner
Comment: If we don’t win this match idk what the hell we can win.
Comment: Luton have the opportunity to do the funniest thing 😂 the meltdown if this even ends in a draw
Comment: You don’t ‘walk all over’ opponents even if you are better than them talent wise. It’s that attitude which gives them an advantage.
Comment: At the end of the day its 11vs11 both of them players in the field have legs arms and a head. Whoever wants it more will get it.
Comment: Chelsea 4 - Luton 0
Comment: Chelsea fan here. If you'll recall, when Luton was still in the lower leagues, we played them away in the FA cup. They very nearly beat us, and that was back then. They are a really quality team with a ton of cohesion. We have no cohesion right now. More than half of our team probably still puts the address to Cobham in their iPhone Maps app to get to training. I would be shocked if we get three points to be fair. I think we'll lose 1-0, or at best draw 1-1. Nothing against Poch or the owners, but we're about to see why intangibles are so important in sport.
Comment: Ross Barkley about to drop the performance of a lifetime as Luton win 1-0
Comment: Pretty sure Luton need to be getting something against mid table teams if they want to stay up, important game for them
Comment: Luton were coached well enough to get to the prem.

Ok they aren't great in comparison to other teams that have come up but it's not like it's full strength man city vs Torquay.

Luton to frustrate them and hit them on the break and they have a slim chance to win..

😂

Comment: Give him £250 million to spend, then sack him as soon as the window's closed. Mad
Comment: Who had Stevie G outlasting Tuchel on their PL bingo card? Fucking hell, not me...
Comment: WTF!! This is a proper overreaction
Comment: We are fucking mental for this
Comment: Boehly is fucking batshit
Comment: Surely ya give him at least half the season to let the new players settle. Who do they even get
Comment: This is one of the worst decisions I've ever seen a football club make.

Spend £250m giving a manager a completely transformed squad then sack him when it doesn't instantly work? Make it make sense.
Comment: Bonkers. Investing vast sums in a top heavy squad then the manager is gone.

I'm really happy NUFC are going about this the opposite way - slow and steady with sensible signings, stability and not too much upheaval.

Just looked at the departures on Transfermarkt and how much they are selling players for. Wonder how much of a loss they made on some of them?
Comment: It’s a Chelsea thing.
Comment: Why cuz they lost 3 games? Big deal
Comment: I know Chelsea have been lacklustre recently but surely he deserved more time considering all he's done for them and considering they're 6th in the table right now? 

Fucking ridiculous
Comment: Thank you for your commitment to Chelsea FC Mr Tuchel, we wish you all the best with your future endeavours.

Kindest regards,

**Todd Bohely**,

*Chelsea FC Owner, CEO, Sporting Director, Player-Manager, Centre-Forward*
Comment: Please don't get Potter Please don't get Potter Please don't get Potter
Comment: Damn I knew he was going to get sacked at one point because that’s the Chelsea way but no one could’ve predicted it would happen this soon. Complete asinine from Chelsea. They must have an immediate replacement.
Comment: Chelsea have had 13 managers in 15 years.
Comment: Conte broke him💀
Comment: Literally won them a champions league within 6 months😂
Comment: Penny for Auba’s thoughts?
Comment: Called it. 

All I need now is Poch to come in and I’m
Basically Nostradamus
Comment: Bruce Arena or Bradley next?

Comment: Ok, I'm no expert on FFP, but there are a few things more people in this sub need to realize.

Most importantly, **there is an integral difference between what money goes where in a practical manner, and what is written in the books. With regards to FFP, it's the books that matter.** 

1) Amortization. If you sign a player for 50 million on a 5 year contract, then it is written up as a 10 million expense per year, no matter if you paid the entire fee in a lump sum, or in installments. 

2) If you sell a player for 50 million, it shows up in the books as 50 million in income that year, no matter if the fee is paid in a lump sum or in installments 

So, if you sell a player for 100 million and sign 10 players for 100 million each on 10 year contracts, your books are balanced for the year.
Comment: Ross Barkley money
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: FFP isn't made to stop rich clubs from spending. It's to stop clubs from being unsustainable and potentially affected their long term financial safety. If you have the money to spend then FFP won't bother. Idk why you guys think FFP is some salary cap for billionaire owners when its not remotely the case
Comment: It’s getting extremely boring seeing posts daily from people that do not understand FFP at all.
Comment: FFP was never made to stop this.
Comment: Does anyone who says ‘breaking FFP’ actually know what it means?
Comment: For the love of god people, just read and learn what FFP is before creating endless posts about it.
Comment: Imagine if we sell Gallagher to Everton for the £45 mil we would be close to turning a profit this window due to the amortization of the fees over the life of the contract
Comment: All these people teaching a billionaire who owns sports teams (boehly) and a founder of a private equity (behgdadi) how to do business is making me laugh
Comment: Bruh as a Chelsea fan do you think we care? We got a transfer ban and when city got caught breaking the rules they got a slap on the wrist and now you want to riot because it’s benefiting chelsea? Pfffttt, I stopped caring after chelsea got sanctioned when the club and people around the club had nothing to do with it.
Comment: Once again another Chelsea post about FFP don’t you get bored?
Comment: Cry moreeee
Comment: These are the playets that might leave:

Azpi

Auba

Kai

Lukaku

Odoi

Jorginho

Rlc

Chalobah

Pulisic

Ziyech 

We should be able to get around €200 million and we earnt €56 million last summer. This comes into consideration as well
Comment: The tears makes me happy
Comment: I’m not scared of Chelsea’s signings because they seem to be the owner and not the coach.
Comment: They aren't even breaking FPP rules. In true American rich person fashion, they are following the letter of the law in a way that suits them best.
Comment: Chelsea and their transfers , i can't be bothered anymore , neither should u
Comment: Not a chelsea fan but ffp is stupid. Clubs are still tanking so it doesn’t work.
Comment: FFP wasn’t built to stop rich clubs from spending shitloads

There *should* be some sort of rule put in place to prevent this sort of ridiculous spending in my opinion, but that’s not what FFP is for and it never was

Comment: This has happened with DeBruyne, and with Salah. They needed playing time to reach their potential. They weren't getting that at their club, so they had to move on. 

It's just nice to be on the receiving end for once, rather than regretting a sale!
Comment: No doubt Palmer is having an excellent season but let's be realistic, would he doing what he's doing at City? No, because he wouldn't be playing every week. It was a good move for all involved.
Comment: In hindsight it looks like a weird move to let him go but at the time, £40m for a player without many senior minutes is a great fee.

I'm happy to see him do well but I don't necessarily regret it.
Comment: Palmer is the type of player City would throw 70m at to be a rotational squad player in an already stacked team.
Comment: City won’t regret selling another academy player as they already sold many before
Comment: Palmer has been an excellent signing for Chelsea but, at the same time, he wouldn’t have the same playing time at Manchester City
Comment: Right, and we don’t care about Salah because we had Eden. Much more significant example but cmon, it always sucks to see a player you already had leave and play very well. A bit silly to see this when i’ve had to hear about Salah and KDB for damn near a fucking decade.
Comment: He was on the bench. He’d still be on the bench. It was good business at the time. 

Chelsea did the same thing with Salah and De Bruyne.
Comment: Palmer wanted more time on the pitch and city were reluctant to guarantee that.

City got 40m for an academy product and cole got his minutes at Chelsea. Both sides got a good deal it seems....
Comment: Look at their team! Half of season kdb did not play and it din affect then at all!
Comment: Is it just me, or does Chelsea have a weird knack for signing top tier keepers?
Comment: City don’t regret it because they’re going to win the league and will just splurge loads of cash on other assets such as Paqueta 

I do think Palmer is an incredible player but I mean 115 have an embarrassment of riches as it is
Comment: City sold him for 40m when he had barely played, and he still wouldn't get in over any of their current players. They'll also do the same to Bobb and others like him, probably for even more.

Palmer is good but he's hardly generational. Chelsea are happy, City are happy, Palmer is happy. End of.
Comment: As a Chelski fan, I couldn't care less.

40 million bangs was a steal for a guy that's saved our season.

City just won the treble. They ain't that bothered.

Edited thanks to all the Microsoft paper clips! Appreciate ya!
Comment: They’ve already got penalty takers.
Comment: One thing you can probably be certain of. he would have scored his pen...
Comment: It was Palmers own decision to leave. This sub is filled with people who don't know shit about shit
Comment: It’s too early to say, now if he has 20 goals at the end of next season we are back, City won’t care.
Comment: City crying while holding the EPL trophy.
Comment: I honestly don’t think that he’d be producing these numbers under the low block that we face every week.

Comment: >Pochettino, whose side host Burnley in the league on Saturday, has had to rely on Conor Gallagher, Enzo Fernández and Moisés Caicedo in midfield. 

Poor bloke has to put up with a £300 million midfield
Comment: Liverpool avoided the Naby Lad regen
Comment: Even as a Blue, I remember all the stick the Reds were getting for Lavia and Caicedo choosing Chelsea over them, but instead they got Mac Callister and Szoboszlai and look now at where both teams ended up, mad.
Comment: Thanks Chelsea
Comment: Call an ambulance…but not for us. 🥹
Comment: Chelsea medical team needs to be put on trial
Comment: …Romeo Done
Comment: wherefore art thou, romeo?
Comment: Such a sad situation for such a young player.
Comment: Liverpool dodged a bullet there. Kieta M2.
Comment: My guys Lavia, Fofana and Nkunku just took 23/24 completely off
Comment: What exactly can a top athlete do to their thigh to be unable to play for 8 months?
It’s just muscle.
Knee, okay, hip yes but thigh? Dead leg at worst.
Comment: Romeo done
Comment: I read somewhere he played more minutes in Southamptons pre season than his entire Chelsea season. It's a shame because he is a very talented player. Not sure if Chelsea is the best place, he will probably be lost in their massive squad.
Comment: Liverpool dodged one hell of a bullet with this one.
Comment: Reckon dembele will die in our training
Comment: lmao
Comment: Glad he didn’t come to Liverpool
Comment: Is their medical department awful?
Feels like all their players get injured for ages.
Comment: I think every fan agrees with me when I say FUCK INJURIES.

Comment: A whole new meaning to Pounds Sterling…
Comment: sterling arch-er
Comment: Only time Everton will be on top all year.
Comment: Sterling with that arch
Comment: Sterling is naughty, but Yerry is meaner.
Comment: It’s usually Sterling who has the ability to penetrate and exploit the small holes in the back.
Comment: (great positioning)
Comment: My girl don’t even arch her back that well….
Comment: 100% he pushed back!
Comment: What are doing step-Sterling
Comment: Hey! We just got him, please don't abuse him!
Comment: Lana!
Comment: Get fucked
Comment: Face down ass up
Comment: Only reason why I play
Comment: It’s all in the arch
Comment: 🍰
Comment: Still ridiculous ref gave the ball to Everton there.  Everton player literally pushed him down....
Comment: NSFW tag please
Comment: Kinky but I’ll allow it

Comment: [removed]
Comment: Smart for financial reasons.

I hate that this is how we have to think now tho
Comment: I think we can all agree Chelsea transfer policy is to acquire whoever is hot in the news/ other teams are chasing.
Comment: Did they sell this asset to themselves?
Comment: Congratulations to Tosin. I wish him the best of luck at Chelsea fc.
Comment: They have to be moving a CB or 2 right? 

Adarabioyo
Disasi
Badiashile
Colwill
Fofana
Chalobah
Comment: Tosin “Salads” Adarabioyo
Comment: Refreshing to see a player wear a suit for his signing day rather than being dripped in oversized LV clothes. Up the Tosin.
Comment: Is this another Chelsea signing where they pay very little at the start of the contract and then try to sell the player before they have to pay out?
Comment: Good signing. Unfortunately likely to be a Trev replacement but I hope not.
Comment: Refused to let us get a fee for him so he could get higher wages. Great guy.
Comment: I've heard he's better than Saliba
Comment: ~~Tosin deez nuts~~
Comment: 18 year contract on loan to for 17. Will break into the squad then leave due to how they treated him
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: This is a great signing
Comment: Here we go again for another crazy spending in the transfer market by Chelsea. 
Comment: Wait, the transfer window isn’t open yet! Plus, doesn’t Chelsea have to sell some players to comply?

I feel like stuff like that happens often with Chelsea, but they just go about their buying business lol
Comment: Glad this is the level Chelsea has dropped to

