Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Building squad depth is key, an injury to Eze/Olise and we have Will Hughes in midfield and Jesurun Rak-Sakyi starting on the wings...
Comment: You’ll come between 8-15 this year, 8-15 next year, 8-15 the year after that and 8-15 every year for the rest of time
Comment: You'll sell Eze, Olise and Wharton before you ever do anything with them
Comment: It feels like for me, so much of Palace’s future success hinges on how they go about the inevitable attempted poaching of all of their young talent. 

Eze, Olise, and  Mitchell, and Guehi are at the top of a lot of club’s wish lists. Can Palace hold on to them all? Or, if they sell one or more, will they reinvest that money into the right players to continue the club’s progress? 

They’ll be really interesting to keep an eye on.
Comment: You won't like this but I think it's only going to be temporary. Exactly the same thing happened with Vieira, I really thought they were going to become a force under him. Then they didn't back him with signings and it all fell apart.

 I think the same thing will happen here, unless you think the hierarchy have learnt from their previous mistakes?
Comment: It will depend on how you spend the cash from selling Olise and Eze. Palace’s recent recruitment has been excellent so the omens are good.
Comment: As I think someone mentioned. Will come down to how long you can keep those high potential players for, how much you can get from their eventual sales, how well you reinvest that and then the ambition of the owners.

Hopefully you lot do all of these well. If there is one thing this league needs, it's ambitious clubs who don't get complacent with the obscene money the league gives and actually tries to get to the top. You also have a big advantage of being a London club. Much easier to sell to players coming in.

As someone who will have seen Olise, Eze, Wharton, Mateta, Guehi more than me, how good are they and what level do you think they can reach?
Comment: Olise and Eze would get into any premier league team, you have a pair of stars in those two.
Comment: People are big upping Olise, Eze and Wharton but for my money Mateta has been a real driving force for the club. He can play with his back to goal but also has really clever runs and his timing is excellent, so he’s not a one trick pony like a Benteke. Works really hard on the defensive end which creates loads of cheap opportunities. 10 goals and 1 assist in 12 games since Glasner joined and the eye test suggests it isn’t a fluke at all. Edit: and he’s just 26!
Comment: Surprised more people aren’t talking about Wharton. He’s taken to the Prem like a duck to water and looks brilliant.
Comment: Unfortunately, you'll probably sell your stars.
Comment: If I was CP I’d sell olise and eze for combined 100M and use that money to reinvest like Aston Villa did
Comment: You’ll lose your best players this summer without doubt. So nothing to get excited about really, because Elise and Eze are bound for top 6 teams
Comment: No, I wouldn’t get excited. It happens every season or two: new manager comes in to a mid-table side, they play some nice football, and then slowly regress back to their level.
Comment: My favourite team to watch other than my own. Eze and Olise are something else
Comment: That Everton fan really wants you to be as depressed and jaded as he is lmao
Comment: Wharton was a massive signing and a snip at £18 million, that kid is the real deal, Glasner is a top class manager and if Palace can keep the majority of that squad together, then Europe next season is definitely on the agenda for them.
Comment: I love your optimism but...it's all a bit early isn't it?. New manager bounce + a nice run of fixtures at the tail end of the season and sure everything looks good all of a sudden. Kinda reminds me of that spell United had under Solksjaer in the immediate aftermath of his appointment. Not to say you guys are like that exactly but some caution alongside the optimism would be nice. 

Interestingly, one thing I can't fault is the way "Dougie" has conducted business. A lot of the recruitment has been forward thinking and dynamic especially with the initial bet on Viera and less "orthodox" signings as well. 

The main problem I think is building something that doesn't rely on individual brilliance. For so long it was Zaha, Now Eze, Olise and Munoz and even sometimes...Jordan Ayew. The key is building something that doesn't fall apart when a couple players get injured. Nothing wrong with having a star player but Palace have for a while been too reliant on their star players. Lets see what the summer brings, offload one of Edouard/Ayew and bring in maybe Jackson/Madueke on loan, a slightly seasoned but experienced midfielder and a straight up 15 goal a season striker for a solid price. Lets see how it goes...
Comment: I like Palace. I'm an arsenal fan but I live in South and my aunt is a Palace fan. Really like the club. I think you can establish yourself as a mid table side, just missing some key signings to make you more of a threat.

Comment: Darwin receiving a hard wake up call to where he’s come. He’s put a target on his back now. He’ll be getting this all season
Comment: This will be the study on Nunez that every manager will be showing their defenders.
Comment: Quality shithousery. Played Nunez perfectly and got the player sent off.
Comment: He tried to fully slap him before, lucky he missed or he would have been off even earlier.
Comment: Welcome to the Premier League mate
Comment: Could be worse - I’ve seen players been bitten for less
Comment: How I wish Rudiger was still in the prem 😂😂
Comment: Like a fiddle i tell ya
Comment: I play as a forward in my team.. Most weeks you have your direct opponent winding you up, it happens at every level.. Nunez will be no stranger to this and he lost this battle
Comment: Anderson was class against Arsenal as well last week, what a lad
Comment: Every defender in the league is doing this to Nunez now.
Comment: The way Andersen fell down is hilarious, like he'd been sniped on call of duty 😂😂😂
Comment: This isn't even teasing or shithousery. It's just a centre half constantly reminding his man he's right there. Clever defending. Andersen has played him like a fiddle and he's took the bite. Can't wait to see what romero does to that long lock of hair 🤣
Comment: Andersen doesn’t do anything wrong. Nunez is obviously used to using his size to bully defenders, and couldn’t handle being bullied himself. Can’t wait to see Romero vs this guy 😂
Comment: Andersen is brilliant and scary to play against. Great shithousery. Doesn't panic when pressed and those long passes.. He just finds forwards no matter what. :P
Comment: Ohh.. He has got 33 games in PL  of this waiting for him. He just put a big Bullseye on his back.
Comment: Best thing about this is the music too
Comment: cracking bit of shithousery
Comment: Pretty funny how none of the Palace players even react to the headbutt. It makes the fall itself even funnier
Comment: Darwin now let the league know he is easy to frustrate.   Welcome to the premier league my man.  It will be a very educational season for you.

Comment: You cannot convince me he gives a fuck
Comment: Forest fan here. Cooper is excellent, truly.

He's absolutely an upgrade on Palace. With their squad, they're underperformed hugely. He'll get them ticking. 

Forest would have been fine had he stayed. I'd trust him with any Premier league squad.
Comment: Would be such a shame to sack Hodgson, to then rehire him in 18 months.
Comment: He should be, he actually has a good/decent side to play with I feel like someone like Steve cooper could do a job with them
Comment: Poor guy. He did us the favour as he came back out of retirement. I wasn't that impressed with the signings made this season - still missing signings for a couple of positions, so didn't seem like he was backed for this season either. At least let him resign rather than sack him.

I don't know if Cooper will be the answer but pickings are slim at the moment and at least he has Premiership experience.
Comment: Just let it go old man, you've had a career in football most can only dream of.
Comment: Is Cooper any kind of upgrade for them though? Spent millions at Forest and got nowhere
Comment: So I don’t understand the logic behind this move by palace, get the manager who was doing worse than Roy he might save us?
Comment: Someone should probably let Roy know. I doubt he cares much anyway.
Comment: They absolutely should go after cooper. Roys had his day, but there’s a lot of young talent going to waste under him. I bet Stevie boi could get a proper tune out of the lot
Comment: Can Cooper command a legion of battle orcs in the face of a level 25 Ranger? I thought not
Comment: Any other managers in the running, realistically? I think Graham Potter would be a pretty strong candidate, if he was interested.
Comment: If Palace get rid of this gem of a man at the height of his “no fucks given” twilight of his career - I would personally write a strongly worded letter. 

He deserved a 5 year contract for laughing at Pep alone.
Comment: Roy needs to stay. Experience is vital!
Comment: I doubt Hodgson cares but if Palace want to progress they could do worse.
Comment: He needs to retire and relax. No need for that kind of pressure at his age
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Hodgson should have sailed off into the sunset the first time he left palace and never looked back. 
Coming out of retirement for Watford and back at palace again is crazy; he left on his terms the first time and now he maybe getting sacked this time
Comment: Should have done it in the summer, its too harsh to sack him now
Comment: I feel like people were talking about Cooper moving to palace this time last year. If that transfer happens that’s hell of a prediction

Comment: I am kind of shocked tbh results have been poor but we have an easier run of games coming up, who’s going to replace him then? We’re now destined to go down
Comment: Not sure what they expected from Viera here? Had a tough string of fixtures, and they sacked him because of that? This seems like a massive mistake, and relegation might soon follow.
Comment: Poor guy.  They would have easily survived if dragged to any relegation fight.
Comment: He is "only" 3 points (and 13 GD) worse off compared to last season in terms of points gained in the same fixtures.

"Winless in 2023" looks bad, but if you look at the fixtures it's kind of understandable.

Spurs, Chelsea (A), United, Newcastle, United (A), Brighton, Brentford (A), Liverpool, Aston Villa (A), Man City, Brighton (A)

And they got draws against Liverpool, United and Newcastle which is a good point. Everyone but Aston Villa were in the top 8

I don't watch Palace that often so maybe it's warranted based on the fact they can't score but from what I can tell, Palace had 0 reinforcements this season other than the Lokonga January loan, so not much he can do?
Comment: Very very harsh. He has been done in by the schedule. I think the only disappointing game this year was villa, you look at the rest of them and wouldn't really expect to win any of them.

Then you look at the run in and it couldn't get much easier. Apart from the two north London clubs they are pretty much playing the entire bottom half.

He would have kept them up easy, mid table finish.
Comment: Just because he would have wanted Arsenal to beat them this weekend. Shocking
Comment: As an Arsenal supporter. This timing is just malicious. Maybe Palace saw the success Everton had against us and figured they’d have some of that. 

Wasn’t nervous for Sunday. Am now.
Comment: I feel this firing is a little short-sighted. For people mentioning high pressing and attacking philosophy, Conor Gallagher was such a large part of why CP were good last year. I think the issue fundamentally is personnel, they don't spend as much as other teams and it shows with stagnation in certain positions on the field. Clyne still? Ayew still? Schlupp still? Not to knock the hard work of those players but they're maybe just over the peak of their careers. And Zaha was injured, it's just difficult to judge based on this. And I also think The Athletic podcast on this was harsh, Vieira supposedly hasn't made the players better and they were compared to Brighton and other teams with a structure for improvement that don't even immediately depend on just the manager. In my understanding, CP has always been about a hard-working team playing through the wings over individual brilliance (outside of Zaha's rise). When will the ownership show more ambition? Or will they go back to Roy 🤷🏿‍♂️?
Comment: Stevie G to save the day.
Comment: Arsenal about to get new manager bounced again fml
Comment: Look at the table and the teams that are below them like West Ham and Nottingham Forest who have spent a hell of a lot more money than them - Simon Jordan on Talksport yesterday said that they’ve spent money like a middle of the league club, hence their position in the middle of the league.  

Brendan Rodger’s and David Moyles are lucky to still have their jobs I’d say.

Also bit depressing to hear that the usual brigade of names being linked to the position - Gerrard,Lampard, Marsch, etc.  Think  Brighton have proved that you don’t need a famous ex player to succeed if you actually have a look at managers beyond these shores.
Comment: There are only about 10 games left aren't there? less by the time they've appointed a replacement.

Just seems like an odd time to do it
Comment: never seen a club commit professional suicide before
Comment: Very surprised at this, thought he had them playing some tenacious football and would have had them humming given a bit more time.
Comment: Completely unfair to sack him at this stage - they are middle of the table, with a relatively easier slate of matches coming up. But they also depend heavily on their academy and aren’t spending enough, particularly up front. Like, where exactly are these goals suppose to be coming from? And after last season, where Gallagher added immense value in the middle, it’s clear they just a few good players away. I get the owners aren’t loaded or oil money, but then they are clearly looking for a miracle worker.
Comment: Undeserved. He wasn't too bad for them. They're a mid team and not even in the relegation zone. What are they expecting?
Comment: This is laughable. Invest in the squad before scapegoating your manager.    
Eze, Olise and Zaha are all out of there soon. Good luck.
Comment: I said this in another discussion about it, but I'm finding it fascinating how originally, Crystal Palace was going to use the international break to weigh up its options on whether or not to do this. But, now they've gone ahead and done it. What changed I wonder?
Comment: I thought he did sufficiently well to be honest .. Crystal Palace away was a tough fixture for any team.

Anyway, all the best to Vieira for his future .. 

I guess his biggest memory as manager would be when he [kicked a cocky Everton fan](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XG92WBEWGhw) last season, who was trying to taunt him.
Comment: Kind of disappointed, but also to be expected. 

Palace have been shocking, and haven't won a game since New Years Eve. That being said, they've not exactly been battered either (except for Spurs) and have drawn 5, lost 5 in the league, with the losses being only by one goal. A little luck going their way and they could have been wins, but it's clear Vieira had ran out of ideas.

Comment: Audio should be broadcast live like rugby this is basic stuff
Comment: Remember in the mid 2000s when you could pick which camera angle/player cam you watched on Sky red button, they should bring it back where you can watch the ref cam view overlayed in the bottom corner or some shit.
Comment: I’d prefer VAR officials to wear cameras tbh
Comment: Bruno Fernandes screen time about to sky rocket
Comment: Now I can watch United lose up close like I’m on the pitch 
Comment: Oh great close ups of Bruno’s moaning rat face for 90 + minutes 🐀
Comment: Why? We need significantly more understanding what’s going on with VAR. In the ground and broadcast. 

Do we need a camera on the ref? Unless it’s on his forehead it won’t tell us which direction he’s looking.
Comment: Cant wait to concede a controversial penalty in the 90+ minute to bump up the views. Look at the ref who will be reffing the match today, its going to happen
Comment: wear mic too
Comment: They will do everything except fucking mic-ing up the ref
Comment: There’s literally zero reason not to mic them up other than corruption. Why would they be giving this much push back to it if that wasn’t the case? Fucking bodycam. No one asked for or wanted this. Absolute shit houses I swear they will be the death of this league.
Comment: Front row seat to the Comedy Gold of that Utd performance 😂
Comment: Cameras instead of microphones?? I would rather hear what these officials are saying to each other during games, especially the VAR officials.
Comment: 10 minutes straight footage of ugly Bruno moaning and crying at every slight touch on him.
Comment: This is the real reason Bruno is out tonight
Comment: What’s the point in this if they’re not going to broadcast it live or in full- they’ll cherrypick the parts where the ref did something well or was under fire from players and ignore the calls the ref clearly didn’t get right
Comment: Bet he's got some great footage of them getting battered.
Comment: They did this for the Arsenal vs MLS All star game and it was incredible. It gave us a look at how it feels to be on the pitch. I understand this is for VAR, but I'm looking forward to watching the highlights through this view if they post it.
Comment: Witnessing Antony's masterclass closer
Comment: After 40 years I’ve decided to stop following football. Referees taking lucrative gigs in UAE. The EPL dragging their heals over the City charges, then changing the rules around points deductions before they reach a verdict. Countless VAR mistakes, inconsistencies, oversights and dubious decisions. Corruption and greed have killed the game.

Comment: Last min drama. Have to tip your cap to Palace. 2 nil to city is usually a done deal.
Comment: Was literally our league cup team…..well done boys 🦅🔴🔵
Comment: It’s mad how comfortable and dominant they can be, then don’t do anything with it, and get embarrassed.
Comment: 2-0 is the most dangerous lead
Comment: Just in time for City to win the club world cup and then come back and stomp the Premier League with 20 straight wins.
Comment: Quaerer: Is 2-0 a safe score in football?

Ans: Sed contra, it is far from safe. Nay, it is dangerous. Some might say the most dangerous of scores…
Comment: You either leave a hero or stay long enough to become a Ten Hag /s
Comment: Pep trying to scratch his hair out I guess
Comment: Probably shouldn’t of had a full team on the pitch
Comment: You love to see it.
Comment: Guardiola slams team
Comment: Love seeing a lil downfall of city, even if it doesn't last long
Comment: Watch them go on a 12 game win streak and win the league anyway, fucking drainers
Comment: The tie wasn’t deserved, they played to lose
Comment: if anything, this proves that the manager is not the be all end all of the team. You need good players too
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Breaking news
Comment: There's nothing to claim. It's 2-2. end of
Comment: Ederson should’ve been sent off. Deserved to lose imo.
Comment: City deserved to lose tbf, Ederson should've been walked, the grubby worm.

Comment: His outfit is dope
Comment: Those grass stains on his suit trousers will be hard to get out!
Comment: As an Indian, I hate that he’s the brand ambassador of EPL in India. I hate all the advertisements with him marketing EPL, they are really cringey.
Comment: Bro is living his best life
Comment: Poor pen, keeper should have saved it.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: his outfit is worth more than my net worth

Edit: forgot to put in outif
Comment: Love him or hate him, you gotta love his energy. He is enjoying his life, NBA, Premier League, Cricket - he doesn't care what others think.
Comment: Someone convince him to buy a team in the championship or league 1
Comment: He did the indian thigh slap. I love it.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Spent all that time worrying about his shoes n then he goes n ruins his trousers on the grass. No sense.
Comment: He was on AFTV after the Arsenal Leicester game. Hilarious video that.
Comment: Who is he again?
Comment: Almost as long a setup as pogba
Comment: Shoulda gone suii
Comment: Better penalty than Messis
Comment: The guy being an arsenal fan make him even more likeable for me, his aftv interview was unreal, he could make you hyped up to watch chess
Comment: This is making football more fun
Comment: I haven’t heard of him, but the fit goes hard

Comment: They should sack him and hire Roy Hodgson to keep them up
Comment: Somewhere in England Big Sam has put down the gravy bowl and made sure his phone was charged waiting for a call
Comment: You either retire a Hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Comment: A man of Woy's age will fall and break a hip being on thin ice!
Comment: Sometimes you forget this man did really well at Molde and Inter Milan and got Fulham to an European final
Comment: Had a very disturbing thought watching Palace recently... my mirror neurons still fire like crazy when I'm watching a game, I still identify with the players on the field instead of the managers, but I realized that at this point in my life I am closer in age to Roy than every player on the field.

I'm going to cry myself to sleep in my rocking chair now.
Comment: Retire in peace old boy

you dont need this stress
Comment: I always wonder if things are this close, why not make the change 2-3 weeks ago. 

What’s the point in giving a manager a whole January window to change things and then sacking them in the first few days of February before the changes they’ve made can take effect. 

Similarly why employ a new manager with one hand tied behind their back because they’ve missed any chance to tweak the squad to suit their needs and bring you the results you need. 

Feels like there’s always one sacking right after the January window shuts and you think the writing must’ve been on the wall 4 weeks ago, why not act quicker and actually give someone new a chance?
Comment: Roy can't wait to get away from that shit hole, on thin ice...yeah right. They asked him to come back, man should be at home with his feet up enjoying his last year's.
Comment: Beyond sentimentality I’m not sure why you would bring a former manager who is knocking on 80 and never brought that much success in the first place back to the job. If you want to energise the boys then bring in someone with energy and new ideas. 
Comment: Subtext:

*Negotiations with Potter are progressing.*
Comment: Not to worry, there'll be more opportunities for this up and coming young manager.
Comment: ~~Roy~~
Palace chairman on thin ice after meeting with ~~Chairman~~ Hodgson
Comment: Not sure why he is doing this to himself. Roy has nothing to prove.
Comment: JFC leave Roy alone.
Comment: It's a strange one, I'd recommend palace retire him as he's quite frankly a health risk staying in Premier league management.
Comment: Nah they should keep him. He’s doing a great job
Comment: Hodge should retire, he doesn’t need the stress this late in his life
Comment: I guess you could say he’s on thin crystal. No judgment on Roy from me personally, the situation strikes me as being similar with Brett Favre constantly coming out of retirement.
Comment: A great manager in his time and it is Palace who approached him when he really should be enjoying his retirement on a beach in Barbados (or wherever retired managers go to).

Comment: Fair play. He's only 21 and probably used all the interest to get a bigger deal. He'll be a prem starter at Palace and play his football and still has plenty of time for a big money move in 2-3 years
Comment: So, to clarify, it now goes


Palace Pull>>>>>>>>Chelsea Pull>>>>>>>Liver...pull
Comment: Crystal Pullace
Comment: What sort of a window is this? It's all twists and turns.
Comment: Wahey!!!!

Love me some Olise at palace.

I’m a man United fan but used to live around Selhurst, so I have a soft spot for them
Comment: YYEESSSSSSSSS
Comment: Fair play, pains me to say it but well done Palace and particularly well done Olise.
Comment: Fair play to the lad
Comment: If we get a new striker/Edouard ups his game we'll be in pretty solid standing I reckon
Comment: This is really cool to see, a talented young player choosing actively to stick with a midtable club and try and make them better and continue improving himself.  Despite it being cool when my club specifically is able to pick up rising talents from other clubs, it is very cool to see the occasional one stick around and not just immediately bail the minute a higher level club comes knocking (I.e. everyone that plays for Brighton).
Comment: Better for his development. Smart choice getting the guaranteed game time each week.
Comment: Wait what he's not gone to Chelsea, colour me surprised I thought that's where everyone is going 😁
Comment: this is legitimately awesome and heartwarming, fair play to him.
Comment: Keeping Olise, Eze, Doucoure and Eze are so important to this team. What a nice young nucleus.
Comment: I understand his decision hes just gonna get benched and then will be labeled a "flop" like so many other Chelsea players have done.
Comment: This is one of those deals where it's like 'fuck, other teams know about the £35M release clause, quickly sign this contract, we'll vastly increase your wages and we'll get a much higher transfer fee when we let you go next summer'
Comment: As a Liverpool fan this makes me very happy knowing Chelsea can feel the pain when a player decides to pull on them
Comment: Homie valued playing time and getting more experience over the bag ...can respect it
Comment: Great for palace, him and Eze are really best buds.  He will play every week and in 2 or 3 years be ready to move on.  Going to Chelsea and playing 30 minutes every month would ruin his career anyway.
Comment: Good for him

Comment: Why sack him? They’ll only bring him back to replace his replacement anyway. Keep him there and cut out the middle man…
Comment: Well let the man fucking retire already. He probably comes back because you keep asking him.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Tbf he has such bad luck with injuries, and he was pushing for us to buy so we had more depth. Can’t really blame him too much
Comment: What losing to Luton does
Comment: Just so bored of it all. Surviving in the premiership without mega financial backing is just a soul destroying experience. Occasionally you might get a good run or make a few decent signings but it’s very hard to sustain that and inevitably you start dropping back to mid table / lower half.
Comment: You would think that when you have a manager who is 76 you would have some phased transition in place to bring in another manager. You can worry about tough games coming up when really the winter flu season might be more of a threat to the manager.
Comment: Sacking him would be like throwing your granddad out into the snow on Christmas Eve.
Comment: **The Telegraph's Matt Law writes:**

Roy Hodgson is facing pressure to improve Crystal Palace’s results and performances - even though the club do not fear being dragged into a relegation scrap.

  
And Hodgson’s bid to bounce back from back-to-back defeats against relegation candidates Everton and Luton Town has been hit by fears Cheick Doucouré will miss the rest of the season with the Achilles injury he suffered at the weekend.

  
Telegraph Sport understands there is no panic at Selhurst Park over the threat of relegation and Hodgson’s position is not currently considered to be in danger, but the former England manager is expected to spark an upturn in results with games against West Ham United and Bournemouth to come.

  
Palace face Liverpool, Manchester City, Brighton and Chelsea after the West Ham and Bournemouth games, which could put Palace manager Hodgson in a tough spot if his team do not improve.  


  
Co-owner Steve Parish has been a big supporter of Hodgson, who agreed to stay on for this season after doing a brilliant job in steering the club away from relegation danger last term.  


  
Hodgson is contracted until the end of the campaign and there is already an expectation that this will be the final season the 76-year-old will be in charge of Palace.

  
Assistant-manager Paddy McCarthy has been groomed for potentially succeeding Hodgson, whether that be at the end of the season or if Palace are dragged into relegation danger and are forced to make a change earlier.  


  
Palace are also thought to be among the clubs who have admired Kieran McKenna’s work at Ipswich Town from a distance.  


  
Michael Olise signed a new contract at Palace after the club rejected a summer approach from Chelsea and the France Under-21 international scored a stunning goal against Luton.  


  
Palace are likely to face more interest in the likes of Olise and England internationals Marc Guehi and Eberechi Eze, but will find it harder to hold on to their best players if they continue to struggle.

  
Eze suffered an ankle injury against Luton, but the severity of that is not yet known, while Doucouré could be out for as long as six months.  


  
Palace have won only one of their last six games since beating Manchester United at Old Trafford and were knocked out of the League Cup.  


  
Hodgson last week warned Palace and the club’s supporters to be careful what they wished for by pointing out Charlton Athletic’s demise after the departure of Alan Curbishley.  


  
“I’m tired of hearing people talk about moving to the next level,” said Hodgson. “Because for me, moving to the next level reminds me of Charlton Football Club whenever I hear we need to move – ‘Curbishley’s got to go because we are only seventh or eighth in the league so we’ve got to get rid of Curbishley’, ‘We’ve had four years of this now and we are still only number eight, we need to move on to the next level’.  


  
“I’m always very wary that for Charlton fans, all those fans who were speaking out, they should be very ashamed of themselves in a way because they didn’t realise how good it was when Curbishley was there and they were in those lofty positions in the Premier League.”
Comment: How about finding a manager instead of always going back to a 76yr old
Comment: They’re 10 points outside the relegation zone, ffs!
Comment: LET THE MAN COOK
Comment: Palace have sacked him how many times lol, I'm sure he's chillin
Comment: Retire in peace ffs. 

Can't believe he needs the hassle, he's only 4 years younger and El Tel, RIP.
Comment: Matt Law is such a fraud.
Comment: Omg it's actually happening.  Clubs are realizing that hiring the likes of Allardyce and Hodgeson is a shit idea
Comment: Old woy
Comment: I think they’d be really silly to get rid of him. Make the most of him while he’s back from retirement, he’s a good coach and has just been unlucky with injuries. His players look like they enjoy playing for him it would be a shame to see him leave early
Comment: If Palace wants to actually push to escape mid-table they need to go the Villa route and cash out on an actual top coach from abroad
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Him and Parish are the ones who have happily voted for these rules because although it’s kept a ceiling above them, it has also kept a ceiling/floor below them to essentially make them Premier League mainstays.
It’s only now that they are proposing making changes which means stadium improvements will fall under FFP spend, just when they agreed to buy land off Sainsbury’s for their new £100m stand.
Palace don’t stand a chance of amortising that spend over 3 years, plus regular player purchase and wages spending, and they don’t stand a chance of getting a sponsorship to cover it.

It’s like a Cow leading a Sheep to the slaughter house, and being surprised that once there, they also want to kill the Cow as well.
Comment: The rules are working exactly as they were designed: to keep a very select few clubs at the top and punish anyone else who tries to upset the status quo. 

They were designed and implemented that way intentionally by the same people who are still in charge now. They aren’t going to change shit
Comment: They're not broken if you're owned by a certain petro rich state and can hide behind a phalanx of the best legal minds money can buy.
Comment: Smaller clubs are being punished and the big boys are getting by fine...

The rules seem to be working exactly as they are supposed to.
Comment: I’m tired boss. Just let me know if I need to find pirated streams for the Vanarama league and let me move on with my life.
Comment: When you have "rules" that would punish a Jack Walker but spent years perfectly fine with a Mike Ashley that says everything you need to know about what the agenda there is.
Comment: Have been broken* just punish the cheats and get on with life
Comment: Think everyone has known this for a decently long amount of time. As a Liverpool fan, the rules limit the possibility of what people like to call the other 14 (maybe 13 now based on your opinion of Newcastle) to break into European places especially the champions league places. 

Rules need to be re-written to make it more fair and have the possibility of a “smaller” club upsetting the apple cart.
Comment: You would think that the owners would actually want them to enforce these rules (especially considering they voted for it). The rules give them a safeguard for not being pressured into making a load of signings that the club cannot afford, as seen with the January window. 

Supporters should be cheerleader this too as it also safeguards the future of the club, as opposed to some owner coming in, having a gamble and running away when it all fails. Your club being run responsibly is far more important than qualifying for the Europa League ffs.
Comment: just get your best mate to sponsor you and then other friends to purchase tons of merch
Comment: Then Just buy 1000 Shirts of the club for a Million each and claim you made a billion and spend it on the players.

The rules are there to stop dumbasses spend what they don't have causing owners to drive clubs into bankruptcy. If you have it, just make up stupid ways to get it to the club, will everyone know what your doing, sure. Does it fit within the rules, basically.

&#x200B;

/s mostly
Comment: As an American, I do think the Prem should add a salary cap, in fact, all UEFA leagues should do that
Comment: That link goes to the times home page?

Link to the same story on Reuters if anyone else can’t see it, assuming it’s the same general info:

https://www.reuters.com/sports/soccer/crystal-palace-co-owner-hits-out-premier-league-financial-rules-2024-03-01/
Comment: The hypocrisy is unreal.  

At least 14 teams voted for these rules now you've got teams wanting the rules to change to suit them.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Why don't they just not break them then? Are they stupid?

Comment: I hope nobody goes in for their front line, because they are very very good. 

If they can end the summer with all their key players and maybe a few signings, I would fancy them to fight for Europe at a low ball. 

JPM has been reawakened under Glasner and both Eze and Olise have stayed fit long enough to prove their brilliance. And (possibly) the most underrated player in the league in my opinion, Wharton ridiculously good and has a bright future at that. He impressed at Blackburn and equally so at Palace.
Comment: With the right signings they can get a European place next year I think
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: 100%
Comment: I think we should talk about Crystal Palace and Michael Olise. 6 pts in 6 for Glasner's first six games (Olise injured) then 19 pts from 24 when he became available again, the only defeat against Man City. Clearly found a way to unlock their best player, but real test will be if he goes (or gets another hamstring injury)  and whether Glasner can still produce results.
Comment: I think Liverpool missed out on glasner
Comment: Before they get picked apart by the big 6
Comment: I still really hope we get Olise this summer, but if not, for Palace’s sake, I hope he stays. Proper team. If he stays (along with Eze, Mateta and other key player), I think people will be in for a shocker with how deadly they’ll be. I hope so too for their sake, they deserve it.
Comment: I could see Glasner going to a bigger club like Brighton or Charlton. 

Jokes aside it looks like he’s done an amazing job turning the club around, will be interesting to see if they can hold on to their top players and potentially add to the squad, going to be tough breaking into the top 8 though. Chelsea, Newcastle, United should all improve from this season
Comment: The problem is it’s really difficult now to break into the top 8 rn. They are pretty much too far ahead of everyone else rn. Which means European places are more difficult.
Comment: It’s a purple patch
Comment: I'd love to see them retain their top performers while bringing in some solid reinforcements and experienced vets. Their core of Guehi, Andersen, Wharton, Eze, Olise and Mateta is worthy of top 6, so bringing in EPL vets like Andy Robertson, Matip and RLC could help bring a winning mentality to the club.
Comment: I can see Palace top 6 and Newcastle, Villa and Spurs all dropping down to accommodate them 

It can all change with signings etc but right now the top 6 for next year looks like City, Arsenal, Liverpool, Chelsea, Man U and Palace.

But Man U or post Klopp Liverpool could swap for one of Newcastle or Villa maybe

Comment: I am a bit torn because I still can’t believe we are competing in the premier league, but then equally every season is exactly the same. It often feels like we’re constantly on the brink of stepping up to compete a bit higher, but then someone gets injured or something goes wrong and we are left scrambling back to being stable.

One thing we have done in the last few years is massively improve our academy. South London is a huge pool of talent and this is what the future of the club will be.
Comment: I watched them against Arsenal and was very impressed. I'd like to see them have more self belief
Comment: Selhurst Park should have a new stand in the next few years increasing the capacity to about 36k. They were going to do it for the 21/22 season but they decided to put the money into improving their academy. 

The issue is the vast majority of their revenue comes from broadcast and the vast majority of that goes on wages. Without generous wealthy owners who are willing to put millions into other clubs then it seems they're not trying to risk too much in case they get relegated as that could be disastrous. 

I don't think the London pull is that strong compared to the pull of better wages elsewhere though.
Comment: As a palace fan, yes. The imminent signing of Henderson is classic ‘great but not what we need’. We need a RB and a striker who plays in the channels, not another GK. It feels like the club never wants to address proper squad issues because of players already at the club in that position who just aren’t good enough but have sentimental or recent purchase armour. 

I think we should’ve cut our losses with Benteke years before we did, but Parish stuck with him because he was expensive and did just enough to scrape by. Joel Ward is a great servant for the club, but not the standard we need to move up the table.
Comment: What \*is\* the ambition they should have realistically though? Considering they were struggling with legacy debts as recently as 2006-08, Steve Parish by himself can't fund "proper" ambition, the Yanks involved have their fingers in too many pies(and shit pies at that with the Sixers and ComSkinTeam) and they're still in the process of regenerating Selhurst Park and the academy to catch up, IMO mid-table is fine AT THIS POINT
Comment: Having been through two administrations, two last day survivals in the championship, having club and ground in two separate entities… mid table obscurity in the prem is quite an achievement. 

We’ve been burnt several times in the past by promises of “more ambition” - it never ends well. 

We are over achieving just by being in the Prem. I would rather we spend the money on building the academy, upgrading the stadium etc. rather than spending 100 mill on players to improve our league position by 2 places. 

We’re going for the slow but steady rather than flash in the pan
Comment: crystal palace has really been making some moves in recent years, bringing in real talent. they could definitely aim higher. but, as you said, they’re pretty consistent with where they are right now. 
upgrading the stadium could certainly be an achievement and would certainly draw more attention, but it also depends on the club's financial situation and their plans. it's no easy task and will take a lot of investment. 
bretnford and fulham’s success is really admirable, and cp could go down a similar path. but let's not forget, championship to premier league is a big leap. it’s a suspect move to risk club’s stability for potential success. a more gradual, measured approach might be better. 
i totally agree with you about the location advantage they have. they just need to capitalize on that properly. they could be a real powerhouse in future if managed right. let's see what the future holds for them. 
what’s your take on this? would love to hear it.
Comment: Apart from the experiment with De Boer, I don’t think Palace have even come close to being relegated. Sure they haven’t had the highs or good seasons of some teams, but they haven’t had the lows either.
Comment: I think people don’t realise that whilst running a sustainable premier league club it’s very, very difficult to actually “progress” without significant investment. 

Like say they decided to siphon off resources to expand the stadium/move which would be a long term boon for the club, it could cost them their premier league status in the process. 

Like if you look at the sustainably run clubs above them (Arsenal, Liverpool and Spurs) all have (or will have) 60k+ capacity that they can fill every week. 

That approx 2.5x ticket revenue alongside other things is huge when you’re trying to run a club on an actual budget. 

It really is extremely difficult to actually break past 8th - 10th without either the history of being there or an Oil daddy.
Comment: Palace is doing great with the resources they have.  They have relatively small debts but they’re operating at the limit of the the wages/revenue ratio, and their revenue is small. Considering their revenue is smaller than basically every other stable PL team they haven’t got much to be ambitious with. If they start spending money they don’t have it’s only a matter of time before they end up relegated and in financial trouble they can’t get out of. They have potential to grow, but it has to be done responsibly. Let’s just take comfort in the fact that there are clubs operating within their means and outside the billionaire injection bubble and still doing a good job. The fact the have a nice old stadium and a very vocal and active fan base is  also great.
Comment: How should they have more ambition when they are one of the weakest team financially in EPL ?
Comment: Hard to say. Seems there's no middle ground in the the pl anymore. You're either chasing Europe or looking to avoid relegation.

Look at Bournemouth. They have big ambitions now. West ham want to challenge for Europe.
Comment: Give us money and we’ll have ambition
Comment: Achiveing mid-table every season is actually quite a good achievement IMO, especially if look back at what they had in the early PL years under Holloway and Pulis. To finish in a European place is quite tricky, even with the extra places due to how strong the top half of the league is.

The biggest thing theyd be annoyed about is that, aside from One FA Cup final, they havent done so well in the cups, although it does require a lot of luck to do so
Comment: No, they shouldn't get rid of their best players. With Roy at the helm I doubt attitude is the problem, more like depth of quality.
Comment: I think they should just hand Jefferson Lerma back to Bournemouth. We really miss him :-(
Comment: I'd love to have been there for that first training session with jefferson lerma and joachim andersen 🤣🤣🤣.. bet that was awkward
Comment: Obviously not a palace fan so idk how the same old same old feeling feels for you guys, it’s yes and no. 

Like, I think Chrystal should be happy they can probably comfortably stay in the prem, I mean even fucking Leicester couldn’t for that long, but ownership hasn’t put in enough money for a good squad in the midfield or defense.
Comment: You're either a buying club or a selling club. Those are the two ambitions. No one has yet broken that model because it's easier to sell a great player than buy one, unless you are owned by a benefactor/tycoon/sovereign wealth fund happy to keep buying until you get it right. You then need to convince a top class manager you aren't a flash in the pan. You then have to hold onto them long enough to finish the project.

So you've got Chelsea and City who've done it, and we'll see if Newcastle can pull it off. 

So who's buying CP?
Comment: Is CP the dullest club in the PL? Just always so boring to watch.

Comment: Feel so bad for Roy, this is not on him. Palace from the top down have shit themselves
Comment: What declined? They've always been mid to shit except for about 3 weeks each season when they play like prime Man Utd.
Comment: Seems like palace are already looking to appoint Roy’s successor/predecessor
Comment: To bring this kinda misery on RH is truly unfair of the CO board..dude should be at home with his grandkids
Comment: Wow what an article, it’s been awhile since I’ve read something more than 5 words. I feel well
Comment: Palace feel like a team that are just stuck in place. I still think sacking Vieira was the wrong call he brought a little excitement to the Palace project, then he got sacked at pretty much the first sign of trouble after a terrible run of fixtures.
Comment: As an Everton fan I said when we beat them away I haven’t seen us play a worse side this season. They were slightly better in the cup but they’re really easy to play against. I can honestly see them going down this season which is a shame because I’ve always had a soft spot for them.
Comment: That early manager bounce is gone… wolves next.
Comment: I’m not sure why they went with Vieira and when things got rocky they just went back to Hodgson when they were on the decline with him to begin with
Comment: Don’t get palace fans being too upset tbh I think players just are not completely playing to there potential maybe a few decent signings but they don’t strike me as awful
Comment: Hey guys, let's fire the manager that got us our record ever prem points total after the most miserable series of games imaginable just for the guy prior, who was consistently struggling and just barely keeping us up.
Comment: Do we reckon he could get sacked before end of the month?
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: What an article, the classic case of "if I use a lot of flowery language people will think I'm smart, right?"
Comment: Roy, you’ve had a great run mate but time to hang up the boots (or the manager equivalent) you’re too old now son , games gone past ya.

Comment: I think he’s Palace’s top Premier League scorer
Comment: Obviously. He’s an academy product who has played for 12 years on the senior team.
Comment: Of course he fucking is he has been one of the top 5 players outside the big 6 for the last 7 years now
Comment: I think he has to be
Comment: Not only is he a legend, he is their biggest legend now. Before that it was probably Ian Wright.

There were a few years in the Prem they were pretty much a one man team. No way they dont go down without him

He is a local lad, academy player, almost one club player, a talisman and a fantastic player to watch
Comment: Unrelated to the question, but in James Milner’s book “Ask a Footballer”, someone asked who the most difficult opponent he’s played against in his career is, and his answer was Wilfred Zaha. Milner’s been playing ball since the Stone Age and says Zaha is the most difficult to keep up with and defend.
Comment: May I also ask Palace fans if anyone ever gets annoyed by his attitude? I don't follow CP much but I know he's got a bit of a reputation for sulking. I just wondered what Palace fans thought of that?
Comment: Has he 'always stuck by Palace'? He literally moved to Man U and came back again.

That being said, yes, in my opinion he's a Palace Legend
Comment: 100%
Comment: What would Moyes have to say?
Comment: Not a palace fan but zaha is amazing
Comment: Absolutely, there's an argument to be made that he's our best ever player
Comment: I'm leeds fam but hell yeah
Comment: I would say so.
Comment: Yes
Comment: Sure
Comment: Of course he is without him they'd probably be a championship team lol
Comment: I would consider him a legend for Crystal Palace.. after seeing what he gone through to be back with Crystal Palace

His move to Manchester United was horrible (4 appearances in 2 years) - David Moyes shipped him to Cardiff on loan
Comment: Crystal police
Comment: I don't see how a man who has tried to leave the club every single year for a good while could be classed as a club legend.

But, you do you.

Comment: The most mid-table looking team in the prem. Not in a negative way really since there's so many teams fighting for top 10. They have good players but not the depth needed to really fight for more. They're good at home games but the top teams can overcome that.
Comment: Can you just call them Palace instead of CP? Seems a little unfair on them, that monicker.
Comment: Solid prem team. Well organized, good attacking flair. Hopefully Olise comes back at full strength, bad hamstring injuries can be career changers.
Comment: Not as strong as the teams you mentioned. But not  in threat of relegation. They are a 9th-13th type team.
Comment: Average team that preforms averagely every season.
Comment: You guys will have Franca soon and from what I’ve seen he’s gonna be prettay good
Comment: I have no idea why they don't properly invest

The Hodgson thing will work this season but no much further beyond and every year they get closer and closer to their best players leaving, at the same time they aren't investing in enough talent.

This is a recipe for eventual relegation but they'll be about where they were the last couple seasons this year
Comment: I am crazy for liking them this week @Brent
Comment: I would be shocked if they’re even close to relegation. There appear to be a lot of strong contenders for that so Palace managing to finish below all but two of them would honestly be kind of impressive 

But then you compare them to the other traditionally smaller clubs that are pushing for Europe/have already successfully managed it, and you just can’t see palace finishing above them either. Brighton especially must sting (just why are Brighton palace’s main rivals?) but Villa and Brentford also.

With how devastating relegation can be I imagine palace will take being solid mid table at this point. The problem is avoiding complacency leading to gradual decline like has happened to other solid mid table clubs, and hoping that if they stay solid in the prem long enough, they start to figure out a model similar to that of Brighton for example.
Comment: When Hodgson is your manager you get 45-55 points every season
Comment: Good team but won't finish in the top half. Depth issue plus frontline looks less scary now (without zaha)

Palace should deffo bid for Balogun
Comment: Top 10 finish if we can find goals
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Think they will be a solid mid table team. Got some talent, but replacing Zaha is tough. Eze and Olise are going to be a lot of where the goals come from. They could really use a striker.
Comment: Well balanced, well physical side. 
Can bully and avoid being bullied. 
Have speed in the right places, very decent defence. 
More mobile with Lerma. 
Some absolute zingers with Eze and Olise.
Superb manager 

Playing at home against Palace is a tough but winnable game, one you take pride in winning but wouldn't go mad like you would with Liverpool or Arsenal.

Away is not one you expect much from and would be very happy with a point.
Comment: 11th, You'd be stupid to bet against it at this point, it always seems to happen
Comment: Put a tenner on 10th place Mid table Finish..it looks a good bet
Comment: Seems they always play to their competition. They  can look good against better teams and look bad against worse.
Comment: Feels like they've never broken the barrier to reach the threshold where they can compete for top 8. Also the fact they've been in the Prem for 10 years amazes me
Comment: Average as always.

Comment: Howay palace
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Who will be man utd cb pairing? Anyone coming back soon? Who to pick for the double gameweek for fpl?
Comment: bruno is out of this game. We don\`t have any CB fit for this game and now we lost our best player.   
This season is doomed
Comment: You forgot the injuries stats

Comment: I don't want to speak with too much hyperbole but we're going to win the league unbeaten again lads
Comment: Arsenal's kit looks like it's should be white but accidentally washed them with the home kit.
Comment: Is palace playing 4-2-give it to zaha and pray-1?
Comment: Zaha never ceases to piss me off with the constant diving. Idk how the refs always give it when he does it literally every match without fail
Comment: Jesus is playing like God
Comment: Xhaka in the book, as is tradition.
Comment: Jesus, Zinchenko, and Saliba are really shining out today for Arsenal. I have a good feeling about Zinchenko and Jesus. They might do really well here.
Comment: Arsenal should be grateful Palace have nobody to finish. That being said, Jesus, Zinchenko, and Saliba have certainly improved them.
Comment: How tf did we get relegated with Anderson at the back. Monster player
Comment: The passing of Joachim Andersen… Top quality
Comment: It only took Xhaka 44 minutes to get back in the books this season
Comment: Andersen is carrying the Palace so far. Accurate passes, interceptions and almost an assist
Comment: Holy shit my heart just stopped, thank god that Ramsdale saved
Comment: Guehi with the own goal!
Comment: Lets gooo
Comment: Interesting to see how Saliba gets on, more or less a new signing.
Comment: How is Jordan Ayew a premier league footballer
Comment: My word was Odegaard frustrating to watch today at times. That being said, the formation and the team look very good, I just hope that the usual mentality crash doesn't happen and the Gunners will have a nice season. Andersen was a joy to watch, shame that no one replicated his forward balls today. Gallagher's absence is noticeable of course, but I think Vieira will find the x factor once again.
Comment: The finishing has been ass in this game
Comment: Top of the table!!!!!

Comment: Given Everton financial position atm, would it be cheaper/easier for him to buy a championship club and get them into the prem than inheriting Everton problems?

Genuine question, hard to keep up with exactly how bad a hole Everton are in.
Comment: Can't be worse than 777, fuck it let's go.
Comment: Textor is an ambitious guy. Wants to pump cash into Palace with no real plan (there will be a plan, but we don’t see it). Parish is more risk averse and wants to focus on making the club financially self-sufficient and stay well within psr rules. They’ve actually worked quite well together in the last few years, both forcing each other into a more sensible, central position.

Textor is a multi club owner and wants majority ownership of a prem club. He won’t get that at Palace.
Comment: Textor seem like a complete goober who is in over his head when it comes to football but he has money unlike every other bid for Everton.
Comment: Wait. What? Why?
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Feel better, Sir.
Comment: The man’s been doing this for so, so long. Got so much respect for Roy. Seems like a genuinely nice bloke too. Hopefully nothing too serious
Comment: Love the bloke, ever since he managed Finland. I’ve been meaning to write him a letter for a while now - doing a project about role models and things, and thought I’d join in with the kids. Hope he feels well soon.
Comment: Fulham's Finest manager. 

Hope it's not too serious. My thoughts are with him and hope he's back and fit for palace's next game.
Comment: That pic, I thought he’d just died…

Recover well Don Roy
Comment: Hopefully he will be alright.

Although I do think he will die a happy man if he decides to leave the world while still on the bench after a victory.
Comment: Be well, Roy
Comment: Get well soon Roy.
Comment: Get well soon jefe
Comment: Legend of the game. Hope he recovers soon.
Comment: Oh dear...hopefully it's a little stomach bug and he'll be back next week...I had such a panic, thought he'd died seeing the image. Thank God it's only illness. Get well soon
Comment: I hope it's nothing serious
Comment: Best of luck Woy. A true Gentleman.
Comment: Oh Roy! Can’t help but like him. Hope he recovers quickly
Comment: Hopefully gets better soon!
Comment: Hope you’re feeling better Roy, also maybe it’s time to .. you know
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Get well soon. Hope we see him back on the touch line next week!
Comment: Hope he’s on the mend quickly. Good person.
Comment: It’s nothing to serious I hope

Comment: Maybe they enjoy watching their team play football? Just guessing here
Comment: Thanks to that glass ceiling which the Sky Six has spent so much money on solidifying, mid-table PL consolidation is the best every other club in the country can realistically hope for, barring some Leicester-style miracle. Occasionally you get everything right and that means you can make a charge for a Europa League spot, but we all know that regression to the mean is inevitable. Brighton fans know they'll be right up against it again when the table resets in the summer. They saw what happened after Southampton and Burnley had their moments in the sun, and they know the same trend is inevitable because they'll just be outspent and their best players bought off.

Palace fans will be happy they're probably not getting relegated.
Comment: Lol you sound like a person who bandwaggons on a team that is in form at the moment. When you support a team you support them through good and bad times and a lot of clubs never get the good times, but you still hope for them. That’s what drives the players and the fans because one day it might be different.
Comment: almost every CP fan are locals in Croydon, they aren’t as big financially as most the other clubs so them being within the prem alone is probably a life achievement for most fans, they get to watch their local team compete against the biggest clubs in England weekly. Plus they don’t have any heavy expectations of winning trophies.

but hey, at least they’re producing a bunch of exciting talent recently
Comment: It’s a lot better than being in administration in the Championship that’s for sure. And being in a relegation fight is definitely not more fun than being in mid table - having said that, we are drifting towards a relegation fight this season.
Comment: Because on any given day, you do not know if it will be a day that you win some, lose some, or draw. You mention championships and relegation races, but at the end of the day, there is nothing more important that the match that you are watching.
Comment: Yikes.
Comment: Better than going out of Business, which they almost did
Comment: This simply tells that you don't understand supporting a club at all. Some families have been with their clubs for several generations. It's a second family.
Comment: Yes it is somewhat boring. Once we’re knocked out of the cup that’s it for chance of winning anything or at least the excitement at the chance. Never good enough to sustain a run for European football, so our season is pretty much over at that point. 

I honestly prefer a relegation battle for the excitement factor but no one likes watching their team getting beat. 

At least when we was in the championship each new season there was optimism that you might have just got together the right group of players to have a chance of getting into the play offs, there was a reasonable expectation that this is possible. 

Now what are our ambitions? Get to 40 points as soon as possible, that’s about the extent of it, doesn’t quite have the same excitement factor. Yes it is better for the longevity of our clubs survival and it’s nice to be signing better calibre of players that tend to stick around rather than being poached off of us, such is life of a championship club. 

You can feel that we have somewhat lost our spark as the atmosphere at games is nowhere near as good as when we first got promoted, very mundane all round.
Comment: Norwich might just be the most exciting team then every year
Comment: I think you can consider them in a relegation race. Zero wins this year, many games coming up against teams around them. Lose them and they are down in a scrap. No momentum
Comment: How long have you followed football? We were in administration just over ten years ago. We've been in the championship for most of my life. I go to the games because I enjoy watching us play, and I enjoy meeting my friends and chatting to the people I've sat next to for years. Maybe we'll win something one day, who knows.
Comment: palace have to be the most uneventful club in the prem
Comment: I hate Palace, but you sound even worse. They’re the same as most PL clubs. Money buys trophies, and the same 6 clubs have the money. Sometime another club gets a European place or near it (Wolves, West Ham, Everton) but it’s rarely sustained. We’ll see if Brighton can break into the top 6, but there’s a decent chance we fall back into the mess in the middle. And no, it’s not boring there, but it can be frustrating
Comment: Sometimes I want us to join the relegation battle and then survive on the last day, just so I can have any sort of excitement watching football
Comment: Oh Palace is in good contention for the relegation race this year. There's literally only a 5 point gap between them and the team at the bottom.
Comment: If fighting to avoid relegation is exciting, then i would rather it be "boring" everytime.
Comment: As a Fulham fan I used to complain about mid-table mediocrity and now it is what we strive for. Relegation races are only fun if you don't win (?) them and most of the time you end up avoiding the football rather than enjoying it.
Comment: Can we be a boring mid-table club for a bit please?

Is this why Palace decided to get involved in relegation this year? They enjoy the danger?

Comment: Could be a really fun team to watch next season. After a full pre season, it will be interesting to see what kind of Crystal Palace show up, new signings and all.
Comment: Get him some proper signings next season and Palace might finally start punching above their lower-mid table status
Comment: Great manager, was excellent at Frankfurt and has changed a struggling Palace team with Roy to a threating fixture every week. 

Roy had to go, he was just too old. I like the guy,but he was not good enough anymore.

Nice to see him do well, amidst some doubts.
Comment: I really like them tbf and also I think his tactics really suit the players he's already got. 

Hughes and Wharton is a good partnership, perfect balance of composure and destruction. Against Liverpool Wharton's one touch passing was absolutely insane. Palace are lucky that Wharton joined in January otherwise I think clubs would be fighting over him but any move at this minute would probably be in excess of 60m just because of how long he's been at the club. 

Eze, Olise and Mateta suit the front 3 and Jordan Ayew is good for when Eze or Olise end up being inevitably injured
Comment: Glasner ball is in full flow. Hope he can do great things at Palace. Top coach!
Comment: They've just begun to hit their stride under Glasner but Palace look entertaining once again. It's a joy to watch because it's fun to see players like Eze and Olise play in full flow. Also, on a side note, Adam Wharton looks like a top player. Big signing by Palace.
Comment: They’re averaging nearly 2 goals scored per match in 11 PL outings under Glasner compared to just over 1 per match under Roy this season. Helps that Olise & Eze are healthy and that Mateta has finally been given a lengthy run of starts to prove himself, but the change goes much deeper than that. Munoz and Wharton are great additions, too. Don’t even need to do too much this summer, transfer wise. Just keep building on this teamwork.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Early 2024/25 season prediction - Palace will be one of the most entertaining teams to watch in the PL.

The football they're already playing under Glasner is a joy to watch. He's got the team to be cohesive already. With better investment, especially if Eze and Olise leave, they can try to push and break the 12th - 14th rankings they always seem to be stuck in.
Comment: The way things are going, I am shocked that Bayern, Chelsea, United, and Barcelona aren’t throwing themselves at this man.
Comment: He might not manage to keep all of Palace's key players but if he can, or at least manage to replace them adequately I think he'll do really well next season
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: H

Comment: There must be nothing more inspiring that seeing a 304 year old Roy hodgson give his we’re going to stay up speech.
Comment: Zaha must be so sick at the sight of this man
Comment: Championship club gets promoted stays up becomes stable mid table club. Gets bored with style of football hires young forward thinking manager first sniff of relegation shits bed brings in old English “steady” manager rinse repeat
Comment: I know results weren't great, but is sacking Viera for fucking Woy the right choice? Absolute clown world
Comment: The owl has landed

Welcome to eternal 12th
Comment: Such an unimaginative decision, it's almost insulting really. If you're going to fire someone, at least have a back up plan.

I feel bad for the players and the fans but the ownership deserve to see Crystal Palace go down for this.
Comment: The year is 2050, AFC Richmond faces a relegation battle in the Amazon/Google/Musk Premier Super League….Frank Lampard is sacked from his record 26th club, Roy Hodgson emerges from cryogenic sleep to save the club from relegation as a 103 year old part cyborg.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Roy the Boy rides again, congrats to Palace on securing another season in the Prem.
Comment: I think this is a disgrace tbh. Hope Palace go down now
Comment: I thought he had retired?
Comment: I know relegation is on the line but I thought they did a decent job of changing the culture at the club to be more progressive especially with the players they've got. Would be surprised if Zaha stays for another season, whatever happens.
Comment: Woy has risen from his eternal slumber
Comment: Lmao
Comment: Do they allow walking sticks to be carried into the stadium?
Comment: Big Sam polishing his resume for summer
Comment: His wife must be doing his head in
Comment: Why do I hear Big Sam saying “Woy” over and over again?!!! Is he near me? Or is he just in my fevered addled mind?
Comment: Congwatulations Cwystal Palace
Comment: Can this season get any weirder?

Comment: I want to say it's a shame he went out like this, but on second thought, this is how he would have wanted it. Not getting a peaceful retirement with a patronising pat on the back, instead he fought to the last, and he lost, but he asked no quarter and there's absolutely no shame in getting canned as a manager, it happens to almost all of them eventually.

Best of luck and good health to him.
Comment: First class individual
Comment: Wish him good health and a happy retirement
Comment: Best of luck Roy. A gentleman.
Comment: Legend
Comment: I wonder if he’d like a lower league job, maybe I’m just an idiot (which is likely) but I feel like he’d excel there.
Comment: [Oliver Glasnor](https://www.cpfc.co.uk/news/announcement/oliver-glasner-appointed-crystal-palace-manager/2024-02-19) has been appointed now as expected.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Someone else will take him at some point. He should retire but he loves it enough even at his age to still continue.

