Comment: Because people don’t think City and Chelsea will be punished to the same extent even if found guilty.
Comment: They'd have got a 9 point deduction for going into administration, which would put people's jobs at risk and threaten the long term future of the club that has existed for nearly 150 years. 

They got this deduction for misclassifying the interest on a loan for their new stadium, which gives them no competitive advantage in and of itself. They complied with Premier League throughout the investigation and haven't tried to obscure the truth or delay the punishment. With all that in mind, I believe it would be fair for the punishment to be reduced after the appeal and all football fans should sympathise with Everton fans; their club's future is being threatened because of a mixture of poor management by the owners and a desire to show a firm hand by the Premier League. 

Ownership of any team should be taken so much more seriously than this, and especially for a team with such a history and dedicated fan base. 

Can anyone honestly say they wouldn't be finding a source for their anger in such a situation? I'd be fucking livid at everyone and everything
Comment: It’s more because of the how people think things will pan out really- Everton have broken the rules but complied with the investigation and got a big punishment.

I wouldn’t be surprised if there are numerous other clubs who’ve broken the rules but kept the information needed to get punished from the PL.

Now that they know the punishment I’d expect clubs trying to tie the league in knots to get things delayed or forgotten about. Everton have been ran terribly and punished for it, but their fans will be the ones who suffer for their owner’s’ ineptitude.
Comment: Everton got deducted one more point than a team that went into administration for a single FFP breach as they're building a stadium in which the main investor left halfway through due to Russia's invasion of Ukraine, giving them no competitive advantage over other PL teams. Something an independent commission backed by Leeds United refused to count.

The PL have already gone and said that this type of punishment was only for Everton and would not be used again, setting up Chelsea and Man City with a slap on the wrist. This is why everyone's pissed.
Comment: Because you can’t convince me this deserves the harshest point deduction in EPL history. A team literally went in to administration and got a 9 point deduction. How on earth is this worse than that?
Comment: Feel sorry for Everton now, because unless you support one of the big six, there’s a good chance you will be feeling sorry for yourselves later.
Comment: It's not the owners I feel sorry for it's the fans the way the club has been run has been a shambles from top to bottom.
Comment: In the name of profit and sustainability, Everton have been handed a 10 point deduction. Rules supposedly designed to encourage club owners to be more reserved with their financial decisions to encourage the long term future of football clubs currently threatens Everton’s existence. It may sound like I’m being dramatic, but I’m not. For a £20million overspend according the the rules, over a period of change for the club which also included a pandemic and a war affecting the clubs major sponsors/investors the premier league status of the team is being threatened. Upon relegation, Everton’s revenue would be less than half, completion of the new stadium comes into serious doubt. Administration could easily follow. The new stadium becomes a scar on liverpool, no economic benefit to the city, left unfinished and gathering dust. Never mind how you feel about Everton, if you like or dislike the players, the fans or anything else. This decision directly affects the city of Liverpool, the north of England and the jobs and livelihoods of many people living in those areas. It affects the bid for the euros, future concerts in the city, events and communities. It kills a regeneration project in an area desperately in need of it. All of this, not because Everton were run so badly that they folded, but because they were punished by a third party in case other clubs made reckless decisions and ended up folding. Everton isn’t just a brand, it’s a business, there are livelihoods attached to it, for some it’s a way of life and it’s a big part of community in the north. If you aren’t sorry or concerned about a decision being made which affects the outcome of a sporting competition, and has negative economic consequences for a city that needs growth and investment, then I think you need to have a real think about what football means in this country. This isn’t a story, it’s not just upset supporters, people could be seriously negatively affected by this.
Comment: It's probably because we literally would have received a lighter punishment if we went into administration. I dont think there's many evertonians saying we don't deserve some punishment. We've been calling our board crooks longer than anyone. It's the fact that 10 points probably does relegate us on what is, in reality, a very minor breach. 

Also, the Premier league has in the past said you can't punish the fans for the clubs behaviour, and that's exactly what they've done here.
Comment: they only punished Everton to say 'look we don't need an independent reviewer' so they can continue to allow the highest backhander to run clubs, can continue to push and protect the top 6 and bury their heads in the sand. same reason the investigation to man city even exists
Comment: 1.They changed the rules mid season.

2. City should have been punished too. But ofc they only punish the smaller clubs.
Comment: FA went after a smaller club for a 🤷🏻‍♂️violation of FFP. While the big clubs are completely untouched. They’re being mugged off.
Comment: Let me guess, the OP is a Leeds fan 🤣
Comment: Because they live in glass houses, so throwing stones now feels hypocritical.
Comment: Everton fan here. It's more complicated, but the highlights and lowlights:

On the actual rule break there were several factors at play, some we feel were less predictable

- COVID (which we all experienced)
- player being arrested with no potential sale money
- Ukraine war meaning or main backer having to exit
- Building a stadium (this one hurts the most, we were informed by the FA what could and couldn't be included in the books for this, then they changed those rules MID season!)

On the punishment

- Portsmouth got 9 for going into administration, which I feel it's a far worse thing to do
- the 'framework' with which the FA recommended punishing us was made up for this case, and this case alone, with nobody else facing that particular rule



Overall, it just doesn't feel fair. The fans have been protesting for years against the owners, we KNOW they are awful. Yet the punishment we face hurts only the fans, doesn't even scratch the surface on the owner, who is already selling.

It doesn't feel proportionate a punishment for how active and open we have been in letting the FA see everything, city for example are pushing back on EVERYTHING (who is on the committee etc), and I don't blame them, but we basically opened the books and said "yep have a look" and we still got rinsed.

I'm a believer in rules, but if you don't have a clear methodology for breaking those rules, and just make stuff up to suit whatever your situation is at the time (like on the cusp of having an independent regulator on your doorstep so you need to look 'tough'), then the rules you have aren't worth anything.
Comment: Cos the punishment was too harsh for the conduct. Simple as really

I do think people are going overboard by pretending Everton didn’t break rules that they signed up to. But 10 points is a lot for what they did
Comment: Everton overspent by £19.5, which is peanuts in today’s game. And, if you read the report there are circumstances around new stadium interest payments, players being arrested, and a few little gambles that didn’t pay off.

Everton are no doubt in violation of sustainability rules, but it’s hardly in the nature of ‘financial doping’ or deliberate rule breaking.

I can only speak for myself, but it seems odd the punishment for literally going into administration is less severe than ‘being a bit shit with money’.
Comment: The two questions for me are, as someone not well versed on the Prem laws and rules:

1) Is the points deduction itself commensurate with the level of the transgression?

2) Are the Premier League going to apply this standard of punishment evenly across the league?

As long as those two points are covered, then there can be no complaints. But as I suspect, point 2 is going to be a huge question at the minute. And I would appreciate any insight into where the Prem got the 10 points from.

Luton were on the receiving end of a points deduction that was, essentially, designed to destroy the club, certainly for the EFL to wipe its hands of us for good. We were not unique in the number of administrations and the supposed financial irregularities were rife throughout the Football League, but we were chosen as the sacrificial lamb to be made an example of. So yeah, I absolutely do feel sorry for Everton fans, because I know what it feels like.

And I can say from personal experience that points deductions don't punish the right people. For us, those who got us in that position were already long gone by the time we got that -30. -40 total, over an eight month period.

 If you're going to punish something, you make sure *everyone* guilty shares the punishment.
Comment: Well we don't expect sympathy from Leeds fans anyways, but other fans might not have the same hangups. For the record, we're guilty, no ones denying that, its the disproportionate nature of the punishment
Comment: Because there are taken as an example while many others do way worse and don't get anything

Comment: You missed another key battle:

Mykolenko played well, picked up an injury and had to go off.

He was replaced by 38 year old Ashley Young, to play at left back up against Mo Salah. The very same 38 year old Ashley Young who had an abject performance the game prior against Forest where he could have conceded 3 (and 100% should have conceded at least 1) penalty in a game where he struggled for the entire match.

38 year old Ashley Young kept Salah quiet. This is a combination of Everton's defence playing superbly well, the midfielders getting back well, and Salah himself having a very poor game.

But I can't emphasise this enough: 38 year old Ashley Young never once looked even slightly troubled by Mo Salah.
Comment: You really expect Pundits to credit Everton when they can just say Liverpool suck?
Comment: Liverpool fan but seen a bit of Everton lately, and they've been better than their results for a while.

Defence has been top 6 level except against Chelsea. And it's ridiculous that Branthwaite isn't starting for England while Maguire is. I just hope he doesn't throw his career away by moving to Old Trafford.

The problem they've had is a run of not being able to hit a barn door up front. Creating chances but somehow contriving not to take them.

Team deserve better than the nonsense they're are being dealt by the EPL.
Comment: Tactical masterclass from Dyche. Remember when he came in and was saying if nothing else he'd give fans a team that would run hard, work hard that they could be proud of. A few terrible performances aside he's done a good job with a much needed 40 mil transfer surplus. Underrated manager for sure. If we can get the finances on track next season or the one following and give him some money to play with them the future looks bright. I just hope to god getting back fiscally doesn't mean selling Branthwaite.
Comment: It isn’t very often that Liverpool supporters are the ones having to keep their heads down around the city following a derby, but that is certainly the case this time.
Comment: yeah, credit to Goodison as well they made the place incredibly hostile, amazing atmosphere.

  
DCL genuinely looked infallable at times the way he held the ball up and won aerials

  
I swear everytime the ball was swung in from a Everton dead ball into the box Everton would win the first and second ball never saw anyone come close to winning it

  
And on the other end, Tarkowski and Branthwaite were incredible
Comment: The match reminded me of our (arsenal)first match against them last season with sean dyche and they were just on it
Comment: Everton gave me hope that old school football still works wonders. 

A solid 451 (I know it's usually a 442 with doucoure supporting DCL but yesterday was more of a 451 I felt when out of possession), huge tackles, proper set pieces and just direct football. None of this stupidly high line or pressing ridiculously high up, just proper old school football. 

I genuinely feel if Sean Dyche was Portuguese or something he would've been given a chance at a club at the other end of the table in his career. Genuinely so underrated.
Comment: I am of the opinion that Sean Dyche should get "manager of the year" when Everton survives.
Comment: Think people are forgetting that if not for points deductions, Everton would probably be around 12-14th in the table. They’re a decent team and I’d even go as far to say they may have even pushed higher than that but I imagine those initial deductions must have killed any sense of morale. 

I think if Dyche can keep them up over the next couple of years whilst they get through the financial shite, they could go on to be contextually successful
Comment: I’m gonna say this and don’t take it the wrong way, but Everton is like a cockroach. Even when you think “they’re going down, or this will kill them” they come back and get even stronger. It’s like a never say die attitude.
Comment: The first 35 minutes was the best I've seen us play since the first 6 Months with Carlo.
Comment: Pickford superb the last two games. A well deserved Derby victory. Could still be playing now and Liverpool wouldn't have scored.
Comment: This is standard analysis for a big 6. It’s never how the lesser team closed them down, made it tight etc…. Always how they were bad
Comment: It’s the way it always is on any broadcast, “smaller club” beats “ bigger club” and the narrative is always around how they lost rather than how the other team won, and you maybe get a throw away line at the end of “xxxx played well too didn’t they… moving on”. It’s frustrating but it’s why I rarely pay attention to the pundits.
Comment: Lots of people missing the point here - of course if Liverpool were at their best, they’d have won. Their starting 11 cost over 4x as much as Everton’s so of course they’re going to make chances.

But this shouldn’t take away from Everton’s performance - they played to their strengths and exploited Liverpool’s weaknesses. They were tactically superior and more committed to making sure they won. 

My point is that the media doesn’t acknowledge this, and it’s the same for all teams outside the top 6.
The majority of media will pander to the telly-clapping fanbases of the “big 6” rather than providing a balanced analysis in fear they will see a reduction in subscriptions.
Comment: Everton is the 10th best team in the league, judging by expected points. Without their points deduction, they would be 14th. So they are solidly middle table team that is playing better than their results suggest.
Comment: Looks like Toffees now gonna be safe and I'm pleased about it...they've been better than there position in the league suggests (4th best defensively in the PL this season) if Everton get a striker who scores goals they could be going places ?)
Comment: I lost $25.
Comment: Trust me Pickford could be in the stands and Nunez will shoot the ball straight at him.

Comment: I think the fact they are still handing out points deductions,whilst talking about getting rid of the rule is ludicrous. 
The only way any of this seems fair is IF city & Chelsea ever get punished . With points not a fine.
Comment: Honestly wtf is going on here. How many times do we need to add further deductions to Everton before the league addressed the 115 elephants in the room?
Comment: City relegated when?
Comment: So on one hand they want not do points deductions but the other hand is slapping out to everyone except a certain someone.
Comment: Just utterly fucking disgraceful. Deduct the points in the 2024-5 season,  you bell-ends.

Meanwhile, City are in contention for yet another league title?

If this season has proven anything, it's that favouritism and corruption in football is real and unchallenged.
Comment: What’s not clear guys? The new rule is if you’re darker blue you get punished but bright blue teams can do what they want
Comment: Just getting the rest of the deductions out of the way before the end of the season so they can start a new season with this rule totally binned in time for City's hearing. What a dark timeline for top-flight football.
Comment: Why don't they start going through Man City's 115 charges individually and getting those points deducted quicker?
Comment: With the rate in which these points deductions are reducing in value each time, if Everton keep it up the prem will eventually start giving them points.
Comment: What will happen to Man City and their 115 charges. I believe the premier league is corrupt. It is embarrassing and making me hate football.
Comment: Sorry, we aren't removing points deductions until it's going to affect city.
Comment: I have no sympathy for Everton and forest with this. 

I will only have sympathy if the rules change and city's punishment is just a fine.
Comment: Everton 10 points deduction reduced to 6 on appeal to then be handed another 2 points deduction the same season which is then getting appealed in turn. Forrest also handed a 4 point reduction which will get appealed…. While city sitting on 115 charges nothing is happening fast………Rules make very little sense whoever made them needs sacked
Comment: Even when Everton win, they draw
Comment: Just look at the City sub, it’s disgusting

They need more than a points deduction, I want to see them deleted from English football all together
Comment: Wow this is unreal.
Comment: And let that be a lesson to the rest of the league! /S
Comment: 115
Comment: So at an average of 4 points for charge, city will be docked 460 points right?!
Comment: Everton just can't catch a break, can they. Surely Man City is gonna have to face some sort of points deduction at some point, right?

Comment: What an intense 7 year spell for Leicester. Promotion, the great escape under Pearson, the fairytale Title win under Ranieri, European adventures, an FA Cup, and relegation.
Comment: 5000/1 will not be forgotten.
Comment: Bonkers season... would never have had Lesta getting relegated down at the start of the season.
Comment: Everton staying up has ruined this season
Comment: [removed]
Comment: at least Leicester had some success in the last few years
Comment: Everton cutting it so close twice has to be the catilist for change staying up on 36 points won't happen every year.
Comment: Leeds absolutely deserved to go down, watched them a lot this season and they've been spineless. No real fight in them, at least Leicester gave it a shot.
Comment: So many people around the world started supporting Leicester after the Cinderella title. I wonder if a team with a global fan base (obviously a small one, but it exists) going down will lead to better world wide coverage of lower leagues 

I say this as an American who spent years unable to watch the (then) lower level Italian club that my grandfather told me I had to support
Comment: Genuinely sorry for Leicester fans. I really enjoy our games, always really lively and I like the Leicester fans.

Leeds can do one and their manager who is "as good as Pep" isn't fit to suck farts out of Guardiola's arse.

But really sorry to Leicester fans. 

Everton- can't say you didn't deserve it. You didn't really have the tools but you deserved the wins you got and you deserved the win today
Comment: Everton are officially the new Hamburg
Comment: And breathe....

A bit disappointed that we were going against a team like Leicester. Really did not want to see them relegate. 

I know you lot will be saying we deserved to go down but I disagree. One part of the club deserved to relegate and that was the boardroom. The fans have been put through this for 2 years in a row and yet do more than their part at Goodison. The players have had their ups and downs but every single one of them have given the utmost effort to stay up. I know we aren't the most well liked or exciting and that's ok.  Just keep in mind that relegation wouldn't be a "wake up call." It would be ruin. 

Anyway that's all your average bitter blue has to say. See you next season!
Comment: Leicester City. From the great escape, 5000/1, an FA Cup, a last 8 finish in the Champions League, and playing in the Europa League, to now relegation. 

And now, they join Blackburn Rovers to win the Premier League(Premier League's first season was 92/93) to also be relegated.

Sad that it is most likely the last time Jamie Vardy is gonna be in the Premier League. 

Everton are lucky that Sean Dyche is their manager.
Comment: Everton did what they needed to do to win today. That goal was magnificent!
Comment: Booooooooooo
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Dam it Bournemouth, you had one job
Comment: Leicester wtf happened guys
Comment: Get in Everton. I hope every cunt that wanted them down are crying tonight 😂🖕🏻
Comment: Leicester won as many trophies in 7 years as spurs did in 32

Comment: Honestly Everton got so many point deductions whilst Chelsea and Man City walk around spending ludicrous amounts of money corrupt leauge tbh
Comment: The one thing I don't get, is why has Everton been charged two separate times for two separate things, but city's charges all have to be dealt with together?

Wouldn't mind seeing city lose 5 points every week for a few years
Comment: Absolute tinpot league. 
Teams in it with deductions, teams coming in to it with deductions. Referees bought and paid for with oil money an all the while Carra,Neville and co only got upset when the euro league threatened their little earner. 
Then there's the biggest cheats in World Football, untouchable with their treble.

Absolutely fucking tinpot!
Comment: All for actual deductions being given, it feels fair to penalise teams for overspending. It’s the right way to prevent further overspending. 

HOWEVER, the manner in which this is being conducted is… disruptive. Everton have now been deducted 10, given back 4, and then deducted 2 again. It’s a yo-yo, which is probably making teams around them massively struggle with mindset. But it’s Leicester which annoys me most (as I’m a Saints fan). Look, most of the season (bar the last few weeks), they’ve played brilliantly. They’ll either go up automatically or, most likely go up through the playoffs. If Saints lose to Leicester in the final, and then Leicester get deducted 15 points and went straight back down due to the deduction, I would be fuming. They need to deduct now for them, if they’re going to do it, rather than in 6 months. Hopefully that will mean that there’s less risk of angry championship clubs stating that they only went up to be fined. 

Then there’s the elephant in the room. City. Look. There are a LOT of charges sure. And yes, it takes time. BUT, at the moment it feels as though the weight of City is helping them dodge punishment. Having a ‘big’ club being investigated for that many breeches is a different story of course, but at the end of the day, I fear it’s going end up with the same old story. City docked minimal to no points, and smaller clubs struggling. At the moment, points deductions are only serving to accentuate the differences between clubs at the top of the ladder, and those at the bottom. 

To conclude, if this is going to be the future (points deductions) there needs to be blanket rules or conventions surrounding conduct, to make the impact on surrounding teams as minimal as possible. Conduct should be the same for each team. 

In the case of city… we can only wait and see.
Comment: The Premier League makes a mockery of the Premier League
Comment: Point deductions during a season genuinely pisses me off. So unfair on everyone. Hand out the punishments before or after the season ends. Meddling with points during a season gives an unfair disadvantage to some and disadvantage to others.
Comment: You will continue to have this problem until contracts are public information
Comment: Genuinely feel that the premier league won’t/cant do anything to City for geopolitical reasons.
Comment: I’m all for handing out point deductions however the way they are currently being handed out is ridiculous. All point deductions should be handed out prior to the start of a season. Doing it mid season just leaves clubs, players, and fans in a state of no matter how well we do we might still be relegated / lose out of European football once the season ends.
Comment: It’s crazy how the league has a “hard-on” for punishing Everton and forest but seem to have forgotten the leagues biggest offender 🤔
Comment: Let’s be honest here lads, these clubs getting deducted points do deserve it because they aren’t following rules but there is one big blue elephant in the room that the premier league need to deal with so it doesn’t look so shambolic as it does now
Comment: Fucking man city are the ones making a mockery of the prem, biggest cheaters just getting a little slap on the wrist.
Comment: The only way to solve this is sending man city to league one and wrexham to epl
Comment: I feel everywhere Everton is wrote it should be Man City
Comment: It's the man city issue that makes a mockery
Comment: Waiting for the league to invent some discrepencies from Liverpool and Arsenal on the last day of the season.

-3 points each should be enough for city to win it.
Comment: Everton about to go on their ‘09 Barcelona run.
Comment: This is another 2 points reduction on top of the already 10 pts deduction earlier right?
Comment: Sigh. Another point deduction bump just in time to play us. 

Heartbreak hotel - checking in.
Comment: >Everton would have known they weren't going to be inside that £105m debt mark because they spent £30m in the summer

I get Andros Townsend's point, but it's a bit disingenuous to say 'They spent £30m' when our net spend was actually £-36m.

Comment: Top, top manager
Comment: Give Everton their points back! They've been on fire since the PL took them.

Kidding aside, they are on a good run.
Comment: Evertonians you can send me a Christmas greeting. There’s a direct correlation between when I took Pickford out of my FPL team, and when the clean sheets started rolling in.
Comment: He’s a good manager. I think this just highlights what a terrible terrible job lampard was doing there
Comment: Ginger mourinho is shedding that moniker like a bad case of fleas again….I always liked him…he is much more than he appears…brings something different managerial wise to the league…and is quite a personality too…more of him with backing would have pep and arteta jumping up and down like school kids throwing tantrums without a doubt in my mind…
Comment: Direct football is not, and has never been, anti-football. Glad he's doing well
Comment: I’m not an Everton supporter but I look at their scores and smile.   Meanwhile, Manchester City has no point deduction.
Comment: Without the deduction they’d be fighting for European competition. Mad
Comment: He's doing a better job then Erik Ten Hag
Comment: He’s ridiculously underrated cause he’s English’s with a gruff voice. If he was called Dyché he’d be much better rated
Comment: It's very refreshing to see him get some praise. He kept Burnley in the EPL for so long. And I get ppl did not find his football attractive but he takes what he is given and makes them a team who will get you results.
Comment: I hate the misconception that Dyche only plays long ball defensive football 442. He sometimes played it at Burnley, but that was only due to the limitations of the squad.

We don't have much possession, but we aren't sitting on the edge of the box, all of our attackers press and force the opposition into making mistakes. We almost never play long ball either, most of our attacks are built from getting it to the feet of Mcneil/Harrison, or Garner/Onana carrying it through midfield. We even played a 352 today, with marauding wingbacks.

It's practical football, but it isn't defensive.
Comment: Dyche is dyche, he's a saviour to those that need him and under appreciated by other teams who think their better than him. 

As a premier league manager there's few that's actually better.
Comment: I love that the narrative is that we've omly been great since the deduction, while in reality, we had 6 wins out of 9 prior to the deduction (two wins were cup wins @Villa and home against Burnley).

We'd be getting the same results without the deduction, so no, the deduction has not helped us lol
Comment: Top 5 manager in the prem. The evolution of big Sam into a brexit manger that avoids relegation scraps by just becoming a European caliber side. That year he got burnley 7th and had a Europa league run was magical. Will always remember the Tarkowski-Mee partnership that was pure class
Comment: We eat bricks we eat nails we eat wood. Love the guy. Oh and worms.
Comment: I love possession football as any red blooded football fan, but 30% ball retention with fast countering goals, against the run of play, that consistently wins games? 

COUNT ME IN
COYB
Comment: Assuming things go as planned the rest of the season, I’ll be very very curious to see what happens next season with Dyche at the helm.

UTFT. COYB.
Comment: The best facial hair in the league too! Roberto De Zerbi coming a close 2nd.
Comment: Dyche, his coaches and the players are all doing a good job in difficult circumstances (club is a basket case). Fair play to them all. 

However, there’s zero benefit to a 10 point deduction. For all those people suggesting it ha galvanised the team I say bollocks. Everton were playing well and getting wins before the deduction. Without that deduction Everton are in 9th place, just 4 points off the Europe spots. If a 10 point deduction is truly a benefit then the PL should punish us by giving the points back 😬

COYB

Comment: He's a good keeper, and if not for Everton's recent decline, he was at a perfect place. He's not elite enough to be at the title challenging clubs, but good enough to be a keeper at a top10 PL club, in my opinion. Everton are historically huge, and unless someone like West Ham move for him, he's not gonna be at a bigger club.
Comment: he'll leave if they get relegated. otherwise he just signed a new deal somewhat recently. hes englands number one. when you have a shit defense thats plenty of practice for when it counts with the national team. plenty of players that clearly are more national team players
Comment: Does Pickford deserve a big club, or any big club choose him?
Comment: Everton Flailing when we have a top tier keeper is sold as time itself lmao
Comment: Well, I think he signed like a 4 year deal last season so probably not presuming we stay in the PL? If we got relegated and the club was cashing in on its assets he could go. By all accounts he likes it here and his family are settled, aside from Seamus he's probably the most beloved player at the club, he's played out of his skin for most of the last two seasons and if we'd had an average keeper I don't think we would have stayed up.
Comment: To be fair Everton have had years where they were a “good” team 

Finished 8th twice , had quality players like richarlison , DCL(pre injury) siggy James digne etc not to mention Carlo was there for a bit as well

It’s easy to look at it now and say he’s in a terrible situation but there’s a reason why he joined in the first place , they had a decent project going on
Comment: The amount of disrespect on Pickford i see in here is insane.
Comment: Means he gets lots of practice
Comment: I just checked and it seems his contract - valid until 2027 - doesn’t include a relegation release clause. I’m sure he feels some loyalty to the club and is down to just be along for the ride. He will be 33 when he retires, so unless his release clause is met I highly doubt he’ll play for another prem team other than Everton, at least not as first-choice keeper. 

That said, anything could happen. Čech was 33 when he signed for Arsenal. It’s not out of the question that another Prem team might be in dire need of a starting goalie. As long as he’s still fit, it could happen. I am still leaning towards no, however.

As far as the rest of Europe goes, sure thing. There are plenty of teams in the other top leagues that would kill for a keeper like Pickford. Maybe he’ll pull a Casillas and have a couple of decent spells at a team like Porto!
Comment: Everton is his level. What keeper in the top 6 is he better than?

Just because a player is one of Southgate's favourites doesn't make them the best in their position for their country either.
Comment: I have no factual basis for this, but I kind of think he likes being Everton’s saving grace even though we’re not going to win anything. He’s liked by the fans, is a vice-captain, and is indisputably one of the best players we have. For a guy with his apparent level of self-importance, I think it’s a good situation
Comment: I can see him moving but only under very specific circumstances. Honestly I don’t think pickford is that bothered about everton as a club and if he gets a better offer then i reckon he would be off. I think if everton go down then pickford will almost certainly move elsewhere. Weirdly, how bad everton have been in recent seasons has given him *a lot* of goalkeeping practice so despite what everyone says he is in fantastic nick.

I could see Chelsea or Man U coming in for him if Onana continues to underwhelm & if Sanchez’s performance tonight is replicated on too regular basis. Pickford comes in for a lot of hate even from England fans; as a goalkeeper myself I would defy anyone who calls him an average keeper at best and would happily label him underrated based on how many gammons who haven’t kicked a ball in 15 years consider him shit
Comment: Im actually quite surprised Man United didn't go in for him. Seems like he would fit what ETH wants quite well, and Onana isn't looking like the wisest of calls.
Comment: He's an extremely good keeper, and the people who don't rate him fall into 2 categories: 1) Liverpool fans and 2) people totally clueless about football
Comment: To play where ? Most goalkeepers need the ability to play with their feet now.
Comment: When they get relegated yeah. So never.
Comment: I thought he’d end up at Spurs in the summer. Maybe United come for him if Onana doesn’t step up?
Comment: As long as Everton is in the PL, I don't see him looking for a move. 

A lot of players have forced their way out in the last couple of years, and he could have done so too if he really wanted to.
Comment: No reason to leave unless they go down. He’s captain and he clearly loves playing there. 

He’s Englands best keeper for 60 years so he’ll go down as a legend regardless of whether he’s at Everton or somewhere else. 

He could start for Arsenal, Chelsea, Spurs, Newcastle and he always does seem to rise to the occasion so I’m a little surprised he hasn’t made the move.
Comment: Yea

Comment: The Premier league, tough on the weak and weak on the Strong.
Comment: Wow, imagine how many points they would be deducted if they had committed hundreds of breaches?
Comment: And still
Waiting to hear about City's 115 breaches........ we will probably be saying that for the next 50years...
Comment: Great. Now do Man City.
Comment: If only we’d gone into administration, then it would have only been nine points
Comment: The punishment for losing too much money is getting kicked out of the place they’d be able to recoup the money? Why would a transfer ban not be a better fit for the crime?
Comment: I’d still back toffees to stay up. Might be best to take the hit this season while there is an easy-ish escape route imo
Comment: City next, but strip their trophies
Comment: Ok time to run
Comment: I reckon they'll still stay up, Man Utd next so that's 3 points in the bag 🤣
Comment: Surely this has to escalate the City charges now
Comment: If this one charge is worth 10 points.

City would be relegated to the bottom of the UK league system.
Comment: Such bullshit
Comment: **From The Telegraph's Chris Bascombe:**

Everton have been docked 10 points for breaching the Premier League’s spending rules in an unprecedented punishment for a top-flight club.

An independent commission set up to examine the club’s losses during the era of Farhad Moshiri has found them guilty.

It means Sean Dyche’s side drop into the bottom three of the Premier League with immediate effect, second from bottom.

Everton are reeling after receiving the biggest points penalty in the history of the Premier League and have vowed to appeal to the competition’s board.

Club officials are shocked and bewildered that their mitigation was rejected.

The Premier League had recommended a 12-point deduction for the Merseyside club, as reported by Telegraph Sport.

They brought the case for breaking profit and sustainability rules against Everton in March 2022 after they recorded financial losses of £304 million over a three-year period, which is well over the permitted amount of £105 million set out by the Premier League.

Everton argued there were mitigating factors in these losses, citing stadium expenses, the impact of the war in Ukraine which affected their sponsorship deal with USM, and also the loss of value in players due to the Covid pandemic.

One area of particular contention regarded the interest charges on the cost of the stadium. Prior to 2022 the rate hikes were permissible. That changed in the last set of accounts and contributed to the latest breach.

Everton also cited the loss of potential earnings from one high-profile and saleable player due to extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances. That cost the club at least £10 million.

Having complied with the Premier League in consecutive years, Everton feel they have been treated harshly – especially when compared to the Manchester City case which is dragging on despite 114 more charges and accusations of a far less transparent process.

Everton’s financial difficulties are well-documented following a period of overspending by Moshiri. Over the past five years of accounts the club has announced losses of £44.7 million in 2022, £121.3 million in 2021, £139.9 million in 2020, £111.8 million in 2019 and £13.1 million in 2018.

Moshiri is in the process of selling the club to Miami-based investment company 777 Partners. The price of the club will depend on Everton’s Premier League status, which is now under serious threat despite a promising period on-field led by Dyche.

That takeover is currently being ratified by the Premier League and Financial Conduct Authority.

**Article link ⤵️**

[https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/11/17/everton-deducted-10-points-premier-league-financial-rules/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/11/17/everton-deducted-10-points-premier-league-financial-rules/)
Comment: what a joke 

go after City
Comment: This is actually quite a good time for them to get the punishment out of the way. The promoted teams are so bad that even with this, they're still only 2 points from safety.
Comment: Genuinely curious, but why hasn’t anything happened to City? They seem to have far more severe cases
Comment: We aren't one of the top 6.  If we were  nothing would have happened
Comment: How the FUCK are City not getting a sniff of any fines or point deductions. Beyond a joke..
Comment: But City is just chillin huh?

Comment: They'll happily punish Everton, but if City do something they suddenly forget their own rules. An absolute joke really.
Comment: Do they have 12 points to deduct?
Comment: Yet we will ignore the 115 infractions from Manchester City.
Comment: Do it. Then actually do something about all the other cheating clubs too.
Comment: "Ardavan Farhad Moshiri is a British-Iranian businessman based in Monaco. He is the chairman and a shareholder of USM, a diversified Russian holding company.."

Iranian, Russia, they're fucked. Shame they're not owned by a Saudi or the Emerates, would be swept under the carpet.
Comment: Lesson for Everton vs bigger clubs absolutely fucking FFP (Man City, Chelsea) is to hire better accountants/fudge the books better
Comment: Came to that conclusion quite quickly. But City have a 117 charges for the FA to choose from, yet nothing has come of it?
Comment: Oh, forgetting about City again.. oh, just another episode in the new show, the Clown League
Comment: Now city next
Comment: If Everton get a 12pt deduction for what they are charged with than city should be automatically relegated to the National league.
Comment: Ban Man City first
Comment: What a joke. Going after the wrong clubs
Comment: **From The Telegraph:**

The Premier League has recommended that Everton face a 12-point deduction in its case against them for breaching profit and sustainability rules, the Telegraph has learned.

Everton are facing the threat of severe sanctions if they lose their fight against allegedly breaking the Premier League’s financial regulations, with a decision due later this year.

Telegraph Sport understands the Premier League has recommended the punishment to be extremely severe, and up to a maximum of 12 points. Such a sanction would put them on minus five points - 10 adrift of Luton, who currently occupy 17th place in the league.

Everton’s case is currently being heard by an independent commission after they recorded financial losses of £371.8million over a three-year period, which is well over the permitted amount of £105million set out by the Premier League.

Though the final decision will be made by the commission, the Premier League is seeking a points deduction as punishment if Everton are found guilty.

Everton have stressed they have complied with the rules and insist they will “robustly defend” their position, arguing that exemptions, including those related to the coronavirus crisis, will clear them of any wrongdoing.

Everton are facing a number of potential other sanctions, including a fine and/or a transfer embargo, but the recommended punishment by the Premier League is understood to be significant.

Any points deduction would be the first of its kind in England’s top division, and is likely to trigger panic among rival clubs.

In February, champions Manchester City were charged with breaching 115 regulations over 14 seasons from 2009/10 to last season.

Everton’s financial concerns have arisen after a period of overspending under owner Farhad Moshiri - over the past five years of accounts the club has announced losses of £44.7million in 2022, £121.3million in 2021, £139.9 million in 2020, £111.8million in 2019 and £13.1million in 2018.

The alleged breach was first announced in March by the Premier League, and has been their only public statement on the case so far.

Their statement said: “The proceedings before the commission will, in accordance with Premier League Rule W.82, be confidential and heard in private.

“Under Premier League Rule W.82.2, the Commission’s final award will be published on the Premier League’s website. The League will be making no further comment until that time.”

Everton are also locked in takeover talks with Miami-based investment company 777 Partners, after Moshiri agreed to sell his 94 per cent stake last month.

Last week the company issued a statement insisting the deal had not run into problems after the New York Times reported they were yet to provide the Financial Conduct Authority with the audited financial statements necessary.

That takeover is currently being ratified by the Premier League, Football Association and Financial Conduct Authority, and may not be completed until early next year, though any punishment from the case could result in further delays.

Everton are currently 16th in the Premier League after two wins from their opening nine games, with a trip to West Ham on Sunday.

**Article link:** https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/10/25/everton-premier-league-12-point-deduction-ffp-punishment/
Comment: We don't have that many points to lose. 

It's interesting how hard the PL are going in on us when apparently we've had to run every single financial decision past them for the last 3 seasons. Especially as 4 or 5 other clubs in the league are doing some serious creative accounting to stay "legal".

I get that every other team now seems to hate us and wants us to get relegated, but surely everyone would prefer us to go down on the basis that we are dogshit instead of us being the sacrificial lamb?
Comment: I know it’s been mentioned, but.. City.
Comment: Lets be honest FFP doesn't work- as seen my the recent rise in 8year contracts.

All you do is hamstring the smaller clubs who don't have the means to so easily manipulate the rules.

Forest were essentially forced to sell Brenan Johnson eariler this year to tottenham, becasue they made signings last year, that the owner can pay for comfortably. They still spent five times less than Chelsea.

They never think these regulations through... everything sounds good on paper.
Comment: If that’s what they determine as the right punishment then ok fine, but if other teams are found to do the same thing then we wanna see that consistency and them being punished too.
Comment: City investigation??

Newcastle Ownership admitting they're part of Saudi state govt??

Ignored by EPL but it is easier to go for Everton as lower profile..
Comment: My only hope is that a 12 point deduction is far less than city will get and that’s why it’s taking longer
Comment: This is like asking for £10 from someone who owes you after their mum dies

Comment: The only thing that might save them is that there seem to be a lot of poor sides in the PL this season.
Comment: I think so. They didn't get their usual three points at home against Arsenal. This could be the season.
Comment: They look really poor and they’ve already lost a couple of winnable home games against Fulham and Wolves. Their next three games against Brentford, Bournemouth and Luton are huge.
Comment: Hopefully, wish Pickford all the worst
Comment: Depends how chelsea and man united do
Comment: I reckon they’ll be fine come the end of the season. 15-16th
Comment: I don’t think so. They’ve got more lives than a cat, they’ll worm their way out of it still. Long way to go
Comment: I think they'll be ok. Their underlying numbers aren't even horrible. Should be midtable on xG and xP. 

Might be in the minority on this but a part of me hopes they stay up. Always have respect for Everton supportors for seasons after seasons of bleakness meanwhile Liverpool win everything under the sun up the road.
Comment: One can only hope.
Comment: Luton are aiming for 20th, Sheffield for 19th, so there is really only one spot to fight over. Burnley look bad so Everton might escape yet again.
Comment: Nah. 17th on the last day. 

Book it.
Comment: This season there’s about 5 or 6 teams that could reasonably go down, I think if Everton can scrap points against your Sheffield United’s and Luton’s then they’ll stay up
Comment: Fucking hope so, they were awful and had zero intent to play any sort of football.
Comment: It’s inevitable. Always disliked Everton, they deserve to go down with the football they play. I’m pretty sure every Everton fan I’ve met on away travels has gloated they’ve never been relegated and their travelling supporters are a bunch of twats. Never nice to see a team go down but I will really enjoy this one 🤞😂
Comment: Worse teams in Premier League. Blues shall survive again.
Comment: Everton fan here. I think we will be fine. We have quite a few new signings yet to gel and the general tactics have been fine. Desperately need to find some goals but we should have got more from 3 of the games we have lost, so the performances haven't been as bad as the table suggests. 

Truth be told though, there is a definite chance we go. We absolutely should not sack Dyche though.
Comment: Hopefully
Comment: They’re absolute dross
Comment: No.

They played Arsenal today. They have a decent looking striker now, some good physicality and bits of quality throughout the team.

It's hard to see Luton staying up or even really fighting too. Sorry to their fans. I didn't think much of Blades when they played us either, and they seem to think that was a great performance. They are decent at dragging teams down to their level through physicality and low block, but they can't dine out all season on Hamer long range goals. 

Man City at home and Spurs away are tough games but they needed more than 1 point from their other three. 

Big question marks over Burnley, question marks over Wolves, we'll always be worried for our future, Bournemouth have questions to answer 

Everton will be fine
Comment: No, there are poorer teams in this league

Comment: Don't forget Everton had a fantastic start to the 20/21 season amd could have finished top 6 easily . Lucky for Carlo he leaves and real are waiting for him .
Comment: His stock was shot and he took what was offered. He is lucky Florentino likes to go for what he already knows. His career at the top level was on the brink.
Comment: That was when Everton got bought out and had a big transfer budget. He was able to sign players like James Rodriguez, Allan, and Doucoure
Comment: Bills must be paid mate. Carlo needs to eat
Comment: Still convinced that entire season was just some bizarre fever dream
Comment: He was going downward at that point. His Bayern stint ended badly and then his second season at Napoli was a complete dumpster fire.

Everton offered him a 4 year contract with big salary when he was already getting old. I guess he found it too good to turn down.
Comment: He somehow carried them to top 4 in the feverdream of the lockdown season, though they didn’t finish there they were there for a good few months, Carlo ancelotti is underrated and under appreciated
Comment: We loved it
Comment: This is an example of why you need to shoot your shot.

Ask that attractive person out.

Send in that resume to your dream job.

Make an offer on that dream house.

etc.

You never know who might say yes to you. I imagine Everton was surprised Ancelotti said yes.
Comment: They had high ambitions at the time to be fair
Comment: Installs new version of fifa -> start new manager career
Comment: Money and Everton wasn't a relegation fodder the time he was there and neither prior to his time there, was an interesting job with a very good pay.
Comment: I'm pretty sure he can't believe it too.
Comment: He was pretty bad at Napoli. Looked like his time managing big teams were over. And secondly he was super highly paid. Top 3 earners after pep and klopp if I remember correctly.
Comment: Man, for all of the bad decisions and terrible transfers, this really was just bad luck on Everton’s part.

Obviously wouldn’t have hired him if they thought there was a risk that any of the big teams would come in for him, much less Madrid for a second time (see multiple comments in this thread saying how he was already a busted flush). Obviously there is risk to any decision, but in terms of calculated risk it was pretty low. 

And then bam - Madrid are back for me - see ya.
Comment: Left his jacket in Popworld
Comment: It’s weird to think about lol
Comment: Mercenary manager took on a challenge, respect to him for trying. Now he’s rightfully back where he belongs.
Comment: People forget he was on a downward trajectory. He'd just left the Napoli job. Many would have said Napoli at that time was below him.  He had just failed at psg and Bayern miserably before taking the Napoli job. The real job came out of nowhere and he said as much. A last chance he couldn't refuse.

Mourinho is the same. On his downward trajectory. He's being touted as the next sporting manager after being at Roma. He went to spurs because there was no "big club" interested. 

Managers still want to manage and ultimately you take what you're given.
Comment: He’s the only reason they’re up right now

Comment: PLEASE JUST GO DOWN FFS

You might actually enjoy it
Comment: I hope the PL are consistent in their punishment of other clubs eg Chelsea. It’s now going to be 2 seasons without champions league income. Plus a dubious sponsor that nobody had heard of.
Comment: They sure are in trouble. The new stadium and relegation could be such a disaster.
Comment: How the fuck was Moshiri a successful accountant? It must have been all to do with it's not what you know, it's who you know. That man has completely fucking ruined this Club.
Comment: Scottish football did it with Rangers and Italian football with juve, EFL have dished out points deductions and transfer bans all over the place for ffp breaches, so why carnt the Pl sort its self out.
Massive points deductions force clubs painfully to live within their revenue.
Luton had a 30 point deduction, Leeds 15 and these clubs are on the up again.
For me 1st breach 6 points, 2nd 10,3rd 15 points any further breaches result in relegation.
As for city and Chelsea if they are. Found quilty of multiple breaches demote them too league 2,like Scottish football. Did with Rangers.
It can be done and it should be done.
Luton are in the Pl on a shoestring, not being disgraced and within the rules all other arguments are null. And void
Comment: Yeah, starting to think this is it. Can’t see us surviving another deduction and we simply don’t have the money to go down - we’ll plummet.
Comment: Wenger would get that lot into 4th easy
Comment: I think any illegal expenditure should be pegged to 1m per point.
Comment: Before everyone starts hitting the panic button, that's a gross loss - we can subtract infrastructure, youth and women's team costs out of that.

Don't get me wrong, it's still worrying, but this *doesn't* necessarily mean we're in breach again (yet).
Comment: I wish they would just get rid of FFP and set the same max spend for all clubs.

I know that is unpopular with fans of high revenue clubs, because they selfishly like the advantages.
Comment: £255m over 3 seasons. Not sure how much of that is stadium though.
Comment: I don't know about you but I think all the Everton fans should hold up those yellow anti-FA signs again. You know, despite all the cheating they are committing being clear as day...
Comment: It’s that Bloody Sky Six’s fault again
Comment: They be fucked
Comment: Get that fuckin stadium built lad put as many bodies on it as possible n get it fucking built. We only have ourselves to blame
Comment: Might go to Liverpool and volunteer for free to help build the stadium myself out of pity…
Comment: Leeds started a season on - 15,luton on - 30.I get the pain of supporters who have no control over who runs their clubs, maybe the German 50+1%rule is a good thing.
Maybe get rid of ffp and say all clubs should break even or better, would stop clubs overspending.
We as fans are told the Pl is awash with money but because of the rules all or most clubs run at a loss for any business this cannot be sustainable.
The Pl need to come out and really hammer some big clubs too send a message and let's be honest the points deductions have made very little impact on the league standing where a historically low points total may keep a. Club in the Pl this season
Comment: is this like the 3rd time?
Comment: Unless that new stadium is full every week, not sure how Everton can continue to keep making losses.  At some point, the money runs out.
Comment: So is this another points deduction coming then ?

Comment: We're so bad man. We're going down fr
Comment: ...and yet, there are 3 teams below them
Comment: If Man Utd don't win against them that would be hilarious
Comment: Ofc the draw against chelsea
Comment: Still beat us lol
Comment: How tf did we lose to them
Comment: Charity Chelsea, at it again.
Comment: Looking at how shit their away record is, it's mad to think they'd have ended our 300+ game streak of not losing at Old Trafford when winning at half time if Tom Davies didn't pass to an offside Yerry Mina when he could've probably scored himself.
Comment: Poor Frank
Comment: That is a banging starburst pack tho fr
Comment: As an Arsenal fan… HOW DID WE LOSE TO THESE JOKERS…

Shame… SHAME on us
Comment: Please get relegated 🙏
Comment: As a Liverpool supporter I’m caught in two minds.

I’d love for them to go down. But on the other hand I wouldn’t want to lose a free 6 points a season.
Comment: Appointing jokers as managers does this to a team
Comment: Some manager is Frank.
Comment: at least it could be worse
Comment: Por ahora.
Comment: It takes skill, determination and discipline but one day you too may have such form
Comment: Do you mean the D
Comment: Add one to the mix. Although we're not doing much better Iol

Comment: As an Everton fan who’s watched all our matches recently, the bizarre answer is: we’re really not that bad.

We are playing reasonably well, the stats show we are not conceding many chances, and we are creating a lot. We’re just not doing the one thing that’s quite important in football, finishing the chances.

Everton are underperforming their xG this season by -19.95, meaning we should have scored nearly 20 goals more than we have. The amazing thing about this stat is that Chelsea are the second most underperforming team, with -8.10 goals. We’re miles ahead.
Comment: Accepted relegation? What rubbish. We're competitive in every game and you're acting like we're losing 5,6, 8 nil like Sheffield United.
Comment: Calvert-Lewin isn't the player they want him to be, no Richarlison to mix things up like they used to have, no money (currently) to buy quality up front.
Comment: accepted relegation but we are 16th. ok mate.
Comment: They lack goals/goalscorer.
Comment: Tactics and setup are (usually) good, create loads of chances and defend well, but at the end of the day you can’t polish a turd and we’ve got 11 (well like 7 or 8) on the pitch every game. Shit recruitment and quite literally negative money has fucked us over.
Comment: Not sure how you can say they're accepting relegation when they aren't even in the relegation spots.
Comment: I'm a Sheff Utd fan. I can confirm Everton are definitely not that bad.
Comment: I think it's more remarkable that Man Utd are where they are in the table. They are unbelievably shit.
Comment: We have the worst xG in Europe. We create chances but don't finish them. The quality of our players is poor, first touch, passing, crossing, vision, chemistry, none of it exists.
Comment: 20+ shots with an Xg of 1.4 isnt dominating, thats called taking pot shots.
Comment: Can confirm as United fan, we were shit. The amount of times we gave the ball away was shocking, not to me lol, but in general.
Comment: Everton don't have goal scorers. Dele is probably their best finisher and he has been poor/no confidence for at least 5 years now and has been injured this whole season.
Comment: We are solid defensively. This is proven by the stats. The attacking players lack pace, there isn’t a single rapid player in the entire squad which limits chances and the strikers are toothless in front of goal
Comment: The only team worse than them in all the leagues across Europe at converted “good chances” is Nice. They are creating chances, they are keeping it tight at the back, but their strikers are playing like peak Jason Lee
Comment: Everton have set up to be awkward to play, but are largely unable to secure wins
The problem is the quality upfront - as you'll see in most games xG

No defined playmaker to filter passes and no reliable striker that can stay fit, along with arguably a 3rd regeneration of the squad project in 5 years, so the style of play hasn't matured.

Players being sold in an already thin squad to make up FFP while building a stadium means that the issues can't really be fixed for another seasons

Dyche is limited in his approach, but he certainly isn't a bad manager - just not great enough to overcome these challenges. He does need to get a bit more proactive and creative though.
Let's not forget that even with Ancelotti and a stronger squad, a few injuries and awkward results had Everton end up 10th after being 2nd at Christmas.
Comment: Their forward line just can’t score. In the game they said they had the second most missed chances in the league behind us, thing is we score a lot of ours too. They’ve relied on short intermittent spells of Calvert-Lewin being fit and getting a streak together and it’s not enough.
Comment: The shots on goal were 8 to 6 for UTD and they could almost have 1 or 2 more penalties. Possession 51/49%. They didn't dominate shit. The game was pretty even with both sides making a lot of mistakes, but Everton made worse ones.
Comment: Dominic Calvert-Lewin is a really terrible goalscorer, like lower Championship level. And apart from his lack of talent, can’t keep fit. 

I was astonished when people had him as Kane’s backup a year ago but dry my tears with his stats now.
Comment: Calvert lewin is just terrible, should not be a starter for a premier League team. Not even on the bench

Comment: A whole new meaning to Pounds Sterling…
Comment: sterling arch-er
Comment: Only time Everton will be on top all year.
Comment: Sterling with that arch
Comment: Sterling is naughty, but Yerry is meaner.
Comment: It’s usually Sterling who has the ability to penetrate and exploit the small holes in the back.
Comment: My girl don’t even arch her back that well….
Comment: (great positioning)
Comment: 100% he pushed back!
Comment: What are doing step-Sterling
Comment: Hey! We just got him, please don't abuse him!
Comment: Get fucked
Comment: Lana!
Comment: Face down ass up
Comment: Only reason why I play
Comment: 🍰
Comment: It’s all in the arch
Comment: Still ridiculous ref gave the ball to Everton there.  Everton player literally pushed him down....
Comment: NSFW tag please
Comment: Kinky but I’ll allow it

Comment: Point deduction will continue until morale improves
Comment: The PL is making themselves look incompetent with decisions like this, realistically they should have waited till the end of the season then deducted the points for the start of next season.

Trickle feeding these points deductions is stupid
Comment: It’s already been confirmed that city will be awarded the points that Everton have been deducted.
Comment: Everton playing fucking snakes and ladders.
Comment: Everton gonna get 115 sanctions before City
Comment: What about CITY’S 115 FUCKING CHARGES!
Comment: points deductions could be a good stick, but applying them mid-season, and multiple times, is BULLSHIT

it's more fair for the punishment to be doled out before the season starts

let clubs start on -10pts or whatever, but once the season starts, leave it alone ffs
Comment: lmao stop theyre already dead
Comment: Would have been easier going into administration least it’s only 9 points then 😐
Comment: Why cant Everton do what City have been doing? Why cant Everton deny everything? Are they stupid? 🤭
Comment: They're trying use up all the points deductions, so there will be none left for Man City.
Comment: They’re gonna be on their 115th before we know it.
Comment: For people not actually reading the article:

1. This points deduction, if it happened at all, would likely not be until next season. 

2. This new points deduction would come from a disagreement on whether the interest payments on the new stadium should be counted as part of PSR. 

3. Due to the disagreement on whether it is to count, there will likely have to be a decision made sometime over the summer
Comment: If it's three separate deductions for three separate breaches by Everton, Man City will be wiped from existence for their 115.
Comment: Stop it, they’re already dead. 

Go after City, they’re alive and well, I want to see them get some punishment
Comment: The pain just never ends
Comment: You either play by the rules or live with the consequences.  Sadly this doesn't seem to be the case for all teams
Comment: Punish sone quickly but not others.  Then punish in a piecemeal fashion.  This has turned into an embarrassment to the league with how it is being handled in my opinion.
Comment: Just making the table up as we go along
Comment: so when was the last time a team got deducted points at all? now a team deserves to have points deducted three seperate times in one season? doesn't add up

Comment: Fortunately for Everton, there will be 3 worse teams.
Comment: Not an Everton fan, but the answer is “yes, they probably would”

Just from the sheer weight they’re under from the new stadium alone! Never mind wages, outstanding balances for transfers and so on, plus the loss of +/- £100m in TV revenue. They’d be fucked.

I think the claim that the owner made in January? Was something along the lines of it costing £700m to build the new stadium, which is fucking insane to me

Edit: Not sure how accurate it is, but Liverpool Echo in January reported it as being projected to cost £760m, which is £260m more than the initially projected cost of £500m
Comment: Everton is that one club everyone thinks will go down but always manage to stay up. But if they get relegated they will probably stay relegated, since some of their players (Pickford, etc.) are too good for championship. And the club wouldn’t be really able to afford all their wages.
Comment: If the 777 purchase falls through and Everton gets relegated, they would kind of have to go bankrupt.  They have an enormous amount of debt plus a new stadium under construction that would be impossible to fill with spectators paying Premier League prices.
Comment: We almost definitely would be fucked if relegated, but if we were gonna go down it would’ve happened by now. Been a bad start but we’re only just getting a full strength starting 11 now and had some promising signs in opening games other than arsenal and villa. Reckon we’ll be sound
Comment: See Leeds United for Case Study
Comment: We have a lot of debt, a stadium that costs a lot of money being built, and we lost our financial backing when the Ukraine-Russia war started. We're already having to sell players to keep the lights on, and paying staff late, with Prem money; if we go down then there's a good chance the club crashes and burns
Comment: If I was an Everton I would be very worried at the moment.  They are looking at the three newly promoted teams and hoping that they all prove to be worse than they are.  There has only been one year since the Premiership started where all three newly promoted teams were relegated at the end of the season.  Every other year at least one Premiership side has gone down.  I'm not sure who outside of the newly promoted teams is considered worse than Everton at the moment.

The other elephant in the room is the hearing on the 25th October around FFP.  From the outside it certainly looks like they are guilty so a points deduction would be expected.  I would see that as pretty much a guarantee of relegation.

If you go down with a pile of debt then its really horrible.  The parachute payments will go to servicing this debt as will player sales as revenues in the Championship aren't anywhere near those of the Prem.  If they go into administration its a point deduction again and you end up in a downward spiral.

I don't think Everton would disappear if they get relegated but I could see them doing a Rangers and having to reform and start from the very bottom.

I'm no Everton fan but I would hate to see this happen them.  Its not the fans fault and its absolutely miserable being in the lower leagues when you know you should really be in the Premiership.
Comment: I doubt it. There’s too much value in their name, someone will invest. Tbh I think going down and spending a year winning >80% of their matches could do them a world of good.
Comment: 
With the new stadium hanging around their necks, I think that will be what sinks them. 

Even if they cut their cloth accordingly, and had a fire sale of players (which beyond Pickford I can't see them getting big bucks from, Tarkowski might and Doucoure might sell for a bit); their spare cash will go on servicing the stadium, not on the team. Unless they get lucky on the gamble on youth/loans/free agents then I can see it compounding and ending up like many other ex premier league teams that end up suffering successive relegations because they can't afford a championship squad.
Comment: Pretty much the whole championship is insolvent anyway, so yeah sure. They’d bank on getting promoted straight back up.
Comment: Even if Everton don’t get relegated, bankruptcy is unfortunately still a possibility. Rog from the Men In Blazers network said he’s spoken with numerous interested buyers in private, and they’ve all told Rog that after looking at Everton’s books, they have absolutely no intention of coming near the club. The only people interested in buying Everton are the super shady 777 Partners who have been caught doing all kinds of illegal stuff, and have a poor track record of club ownership. 777 Partners basically just milks clubs for their money and leaves them in worse positions than before. So between that, the books that appear to be almost irreversible, a stadium that’s costing far more than expected, the FFP hearing, and Everton just receiving a £20 million loan just to keep the lights on, bankruptcy seems to be breathing down their necks.
Comment: Wouldn’t someone somewhere buy them? With the history it isn’t like some mom and pop company. Some multi million air or billionaire will buy them as a way to clean their money
Comment: Yes. We are taking out loans to pay for the stadium. We don’t have revenue coming due to the sanctions of Usmanov. We have recruited terribly and offered high wages to players who are either injured or have no resale value (Gomes, Gbmain etc). We have been fortunate to sell Richarlison, Gordon, Iwobi, & Kean to comply with FPP. If we go down, there’s no way back up as we only Pickford, Onana, Branwaithe & Beto with resale value. Our signings this summer were either loans or no fee upfront (Chermiti & Beto). I have no idea how this situation improves…
Comment: Depends how many players leave. The parachute payments shoukd keep them safe, theyve got a strong support base for commercial so it would just be about lowering the wage which should be possible.

Thats without accounting fees (which if they do sell pickford they should pick up a reasonable chunk, personally think he is way overrated and would be good to see him lose his england place). Whether they get back up is a different question all together though. I think they could, on support and facilites alone should help then present a challenge in the championship with similar strength players and should make it easier to attract better players than the rest of the league.
Comment: I would've agreed with you, if Everton didn't just agree to a deal to sell to a new company recently.

&#x200B;

https://www.skysports.com/football/news/11671/12963052/evertons-potential-owners-alan-myers-takes-a-look-at-what-we-know-about-777-partners-and-what-we-might-expect
Comment: No I don’t think we’d be bankrupt but I think if we go down we will stay down for a long time. Most of our squad would leave and we’d probably get decent fees for a few of them like Pickford, Onana, McNeil, Beto, DCL, Branthwaite to name a few. Still scary times for us blues but I do think it’s way too early in the season to predict this. 

On paper have a much stronger side this season and there’s statistically weaker teams in the league this season compared to last. I think we will manage to stay up by the skin of our teeth once again and will probably sack our manager as usual.
Comment: Tbh the parachute payments will help soften the blow. They'd need to sell all their decent players immediately (Pickford. Onana. DCL) and bounce back immediately and that would probably allow them to avoid bankruptcy.
Comment: Everton will survive. They are lucky that there are some truly bad teams promoted this year.
Comment: Yes especially if the major stake falls through, if it doesn't fall well they will still struggle

Comment: I think you underestimate just how much people wanted Everton relegated this season.
Comment: Next season is going to be very, very interesting for Everton. Going to be spending a lot of money gutting that squad and you have to wonder if they have the balls to do it.

Well done - I didn’t think they do it - but they can’t celebrate at all, this has been an awful season and the hard work is just beginning.
Comment: Shame it's not come down to the last day from a neutrals perspective. They'd definitely have been the most entertaining of the 3 to go down
Comment: Congratulations Everton, it may be at the detriment of my own team but that's football

Fuck the club for staying up and fuck them also for employing Frank Lampard.
But, I appreciate the Everton fans who will have had a nail biting season similar to the one I've had
Comment: Fuck me I've been seeing a lot of Liverpool flairs bitchin and acting snobby about this win

Surviving relegation is one of those unexplainable feelings and Everton deserve to embrace it

I don't even like the team but heyho they get my respect for this.

Oh and Palace ya shite
Comment: I picked a really bad week to be struck down with illness. Had what was supposed to be a quick nap before tea and woke up 5 hours later and missed everything.

I think Everton deserve to celebrate briefly, but the hard work needs to begin pretty sharpish. There’s absolutely no way on earth Everton should be securing safety ahead of Leeds and Burnley this late into a season given all the advantages they hold in comparison. They need to work on the issues very hard to make sure this doesn’t happen again.
Comment: I am so happy for Frank! 10 years after the UCL win
Comment: Liverpool fan here and I’m very glad that Everton is staying up. The sheer results in the past few weeks has been insane by y’all. Congrats
Comment: Congrats! 

Seen a lot of salty people here. Football is more than just trophies, if you’re team is in a bad spot not getting relegated must feel great. Good to have the toffees in next season!
Comment: Salty losers crying in this thread lmao

Well done Everton
Comment: [removed]
Comment: The crowd reaction was unbelievable.
Comment: I'm just glad they kept Palace off our backs heading into Sunday.
Comment: >Not an Everton supporter, but I literally SCREAMED and ran across the room when Calvert-Lewin scored the winner for the Toffees!

&#x200B;

>EVERTON ARE STAYING IN THE PREMIER LEAGUE! 🔵⚪

&#x200B;

I hate to break this to you mate, but it sounds like you are a closet Everton supporter.

Fortunately, it's 2022 and the world is more accepting of Everton supporters now. I wish you all the best and hope that one day you are comfortable enough to come out to your friends and family.

Just know that, yes, you are going to have a tough life and you will get mocked by people who don't understand you were born this way... But at least you don't support Man Utd.
Comment: The fact that I only care about Everton staying up because I don’t want Lampard to have a relegation on his CV
Comment: Obviously thrilled that a terrible season wasn't capped off with relegation. 

Yes, we're a basket case of a club at the moment, but we're also a historic one. Yes, I can understand why some wanted us to go down. Yes, I can understand why some Liverpool fans are enjoying taking the piss about us celebrating given the season they're having.

But let's just let us have this one. It was a fantastic result given where we were at half time, and a huge relief after the worst season to be an Evertonian in at least 20 years.

There's huge work to be done, but I'm probably the happiest I've been all season.
Comment: Why would anyone outside of the fan base be happy about this?
Comment: I have a lot of respect for Everton and I’m glad that the derby is staying!
Comment: That means free wins for everyone next season!
Comment: Do you think they hold station with Lampard?

Comment: Have to see the schedule of the other teams around them but that is one brutal stretch to end the season, not looking good for Everton
Comment: Imagine going down with a new stadium on the way.
Comment: No, and anyone suggesting otherwise is doing so based purely on blind optimism and a hope that Brentford/Leeds manage to screw up more than us.  

One thing I can tell you: this club will either 1) come out of this relegation with a sobering realization that everything needs to be more streamlined and the club restructured; or 2) become the next Sunderland.
Comment: They have another four games still that are winnable tbh
Comment: Oh man they’re so fucked
Comment: United will probably be an easy game for them
Comment: Jesuschrist, they are going down, poor thing
Comment: Championship bound.
Comment: Oof. That is brutal
Comment: This list is misleading as the 4 games in hand are all against bottom half opposition (Watford, Burnley, palace and Leicester). They should stay up given their squad, but they need to show more fight as they look atrocious atm. They need to get 4pts from their next two games home games really.
Comment: The graphic says four games yet to be rescheduled, so….still no. This looks grim for them. Maybe a win at home v Brentford? Maybe?
Comment: no
Comment: They are staying up. 

Norwich are basically down. 


Watford under Hodgson has been better but it wont be enough. If he had come instead of Ranieri in October we would have stayed up.

Burnley wont be able to get enough draws to stay.

If Everton are able to get results vs Watford and Brentford they will make it.
Comment: Their last game is against us. I hope we put the final nail in the coffin as revenge for our own stupidity in the reverse fixture.
Comment: Yikes.  This does not bode well.  Will they keep Lamps for the Championship?
Comment: If lampard relgates Everton his done as a top coach surly
Comment: When a newcastle side that hasnt lost in 8-9 games is one of your only hopes at points you are probably screwed
Comment: Ouch .. Could see a brutal final day .. Everton vs Arsenal

Everton needing a point to be safe, while Arsenal needing a win to confirm top 4. It would be nerve wracking for sure.
Comment: Oh shit they're actually getting relegated
Comment: Oof, these man are FUCKED

Comment: The worst bit about this is I know travelling Everton fans famously do excellent work stocking food banks in cities they visit. Just to have it thrown back in their face by rival fans.
Comment: Everton are class
Comment: I always love seeing a fat, uneducated moron making fun of another set of fans for being poor.  One thing you can take to the bank is that 99% of persons who gleefully mock others for not having much have little themselves.
Comment: What do they expect it’s Chelsea. The most racist , homophobic Tory scum fanbase. Glad Everton beat them today from a Liverpool fan
Comment: Well I would like to thank Chelsea for feeding us scousers 3 points today. They taste sooo good.
Comment: Absolutely hate this kind of thing, poverty isn’t unique to the north. Complained to my club after hearing it from some younger fans who thought they were hard ‘uns after our visit to Goodison in November
Comment: Good to do. Proper grim the amount of fans that sing it in these days and ages when everyone is struggling. Tribalism should only go so far.
Comment: I don’t understand this sorta stuff, like they’ve been docked 10 points and you’ve chosen to make fun of people for being poor instead?

They’ll be doing this all season as it’s the only “comeback” they have for being shat on every week
Comment: Some of our fans are a disgrace. It probably doesn't mean much coming from one fan but I have always respected what everton and Liverpool fans stand for politically.

The Chelsea supporters club I am a part of always has a food bank drive for Hammersmith and Fulham borough because obviously Tory policies effect our community as well. These fans probably don't realise that or don't care anyway which is sad
Comment: Let's be honest, the fans of London Clubs, specifically Chelsea/Arsenal/Spurs are obnoxious wankers.
Comment: This seriously grinds my gears. To mock poverty, hunger and suffering of humans is the lowest of the low. Then again, it's Chelsea fans. It's a yearly tradition for them to sing it anytime they play a team from Liverpool.
Comment: Nothing funnier than jokes that punch down.

You know what really makes me laugh? Families that need charity to ensure their children aren’t malnourished. Proper rib tickler.
Comment: The club I support chant it (well not this season 🤦🏻‍♂️) and it’s embarrassing. There’s literally a food bank opposite the stadium and one of the supporter groups do food banks all the time. Shite outdated bollocks
Comment: It’s chelsea the most classless dirty racist tory club ever. No surprise but no excuse. Imagine making fun of n the economically disadvantaged. Takes a real special kind of scumbag for that
Comment: Good for the blues for serving these cunts a hot plate of instant karma
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, want to offer apologies to Everton Football Club. There's banter (and football fans have come up with some creative stuff over the years), but there is also a line and that line was crossed yesterday.

Hopefully you felt some justice when our team repaid your charity by gifting you three points to aid your survival cause.
Comment: This has to be the most tedious unfunny chant out there still, embarrassing for any fans and clubs that still sing it. Yawn
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: All London clubs sing it. Fuck them and move on.
Comment: They’ll cry about this but sing Chelsea rent boys for 90 minutes

Comment: Mate it’s Everton. Prime Messi could play there and they would have him play terrorist football
Comment: Look man, sometimes it doesn’t work out
Comment: You should be asking Fulham and Leicester fans. They had him at a better age and with more game time
Comment: Looked promising as a youngster, showed flashes of brilliance but couldn’t really do it consistently
Comment: we about to splash $120m for him only to find he is trash, just like he was at everton
Comment: Lookman, he wasn't great
Comment: He was good when he played for Fulham, single handedly won us a match or two.
Comment: After winning the u20 world cup with England I expected him to kick on and become a star, but its taken him a while to reach his prime. Always looked so good on the ball but something was missing, confidence possibly, but really happy to see him live up to his potential.
Comment: Look, man….
Comment: I saw him play for Charlton against Leeds years ago and thought he looked very special, cool to see him doing so well at the highest level.
Comment: Skilful with potential but was inconsistent, which is what you’d expect from a youngster. He seemed to get impatient at not playing more, we had shit managers who played defensively and didn’t trust him.
Comment: Isn’t he the kid that did that stupid penalty for Fulham and missed?
Comment: Is lookman the player who tried to do a panenka when his team was down by 1 at the final minutes?
Comment: Looked good at leicester but i dont think they could afford to sign him
Comment: Impressed me whenever I watched him, I was confused why he didn’t get more playing time.
Comment: He made life hell for us when we played against Fulham a few years back
Comment: He was alright. Didn’t set the world alight, but at the same time he was 18 or 19 and just came from league 1. I think a loan spell in the championship would have done him good, but we had bigger issues at the time.
Comment: Footballers just play better on continental Europe. Must be the weather, or the mental wellbeing from not having to live in a shithole like Liverpool 🤷‍♂️
Comment: Scored a goal on his debut (I think) when Everton beat Pep’s City 4-0 (Pep’s heaviest defeat). But he was very young and inconsistent. The constant change of managers and instability at the club couldn’t have helped him.
Comment: Everton suffered heavily from having so many different managers with so many varying styles of play. Plus he was young and generally young players need a steady platform to build into. He would have likely flourished under a Martinez or Silva if they and he were given more time.

Comment: Yes we do. We aren't good enough
Comment: Leeds and Everton have spent two years absolutely stinking out the league. If both stay up again it’s against natural justice. One of us is off.
Comment: Can you really say after 38 games that a team doesn't deserve to go down? I'm not sure how many contentious decisions have gone against them. But there is an obvious lack in quality especially going forward
Comment: I worry for Everton. They still have to play Brighton and Man City.

As much as I'd love for them to stay up, they look like a side that will almost certainly go down.

I think players like Demarai Gray (whom I rate highly) should be looking to move elsewhere.
Comment: I’m a red and as much as I love winding my blue mates up about not being good enough and getting relegated, I honestly don’t want them to go down. 

I think we’ll lose something if they do and I don’t mean just the derby, we’ve always stuck by each other when it mattered and I will shed a little tear if it happens
Comment: It does suck, Everton vs Aston Villa is the most played fixture in English football and a few years in the championship would see that replaced by Man United v. Arsenal. There's already enough of a circlejerk around those two so it would be unfortunate to lose such a historic and old school matchup. But Everton just look awful and unfortunately have been horribly run for a decade.
Comment: That being said, they did a better job against Newcastle than Tottenham did.
Comment: The owners certainly deserve it.  The fans do not.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Everton supporter here: not that you said it but will never understand when pundits say “they are better than the table indicates or shouldnt be where they are.” We are where we deserve to be and probably will go down. I hope im wrong and they snap out of it
Comment: Everton, Leeds and Southampton I think. Everton and Leeds have crumbled under the pressure and don't seem to have the fight. Southampton do have the fight, but I don't think there are enough games left with the number of points they need
Comment: Nah, fuck em
Comment: Problem is so do leeds and Leicester and forest too
Comment: In a way it’s good to see the badly run teams go down - feels more fair - and Everton are definitely badly run. Hopefully the financial situation won’t be ruinous.
Comment: First half they were playing pretty well today, was actually rooting for them to win cus if we wanna make top 4 Newcastle has to lose 3 games lol
Comment: I quite like Everton but they tend to beat us at their place. I’d like them to stay up but every cloud has a silver lining I suppose!
Comment: Deserve? Well I mean, if you play like that all season, you’re going to get relegated.
Comment: I saw Everton fans in their sub saying "this isn't our fault as fans". I 100% believe they wouldn't be in this position if they had stuck by Rafa and bought into his methods.

He was in 16th when he was sacked after a short poor run of form. Lampard took you from 16th to 16th. Now look at you.
Comment: They are likely going down, they played well in first half but didn’t really create a big big chance when they were on top. Then they got sucker punched by Newcastle and from then on didn’t really do much
Comment: When we went down, we deserved it. We weren't good enough over 38 games.

It's heartbreaking and embarrassing but the numbers don't lie.

Comment: what a damning verdict for VAR , tells the on pitch Ref to review his choice not to give a red, so he changes his mind and gives the red. and it's appealed and overturned.
Comment: Will we ever see officials face consequences for shit performances? Seems unlikely.
Comment: Great. Now, give us our f**cking 10 points back, please!
Comment: Why does it feel like the PL is biased against Everton? Not an Everton fan, just pointing it out.
Comment: Uno reverse card - if a team appeals a red card and they’re successful, it should then be the ref who has the 3/4 game ban
Comment: So what happens to the clowns that gave it?????
Comment:  Thank F#ck for that, was a dreadful decision at-least they didn’t dig their heels in,
Comment: Good, I watched that game, I'm not an Everton fan and that card was absolute bollocks
Comment: Everton adding to the outrage of shitty VAR decisions, we love to see it. Rivalry has no place here, every team should rally together against these shit calls.
Comment: Couldn’t they have waited until erm, Monday morning to appeal. Best game of his career coming against us Sunday now I can bet
Comment: Can people stop saying it was a red now
Comment: Fulham fans in shambles
Comment: Something good actually came out for the club? Is this real life?
Comment: Sack the VAR. Such a colossal fuck up
Comment: Is this one going to be dissected and discussed on that PGMOL tv show with Michael Owen? I cant wait for that embarrassing discussion.
Comment: I'm genuinely shocked, did not think they'd get that overturned. An astonishingly bad decision and VAR is a completely failed idea.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Poor Boly lol
Comment: Justice 👍
Comment: VAR needs to just go. To get VAR decisions overturned on appeal is unacceptable

Comment: Can they? Yes absolutely.

Will they? Likely not.

This year though is going to see some freak results and with the run away title winners from last season having injury issues it’s going to be close no matter who wins it.

Let’s hope for an exciting title race.
Comment: if leicester could, yeah

if they are top 3 come march, maybe they can
Comment: Yes. Absolutely. Would require city & Liverpool to significantly drop in their recent standards but that is possible.
Comment: Never Say Never but you guys need a new GK
Comment: For sure, anything can happen in the premier league. Aston villa havent dropped any points so far either, will be interesting to see how they do
Comment: We’d love to go to Europe, even better if it’s UCL. Anything more and it’s just too soon. Let’s see after 10 games.
Comment: if Calvert Lewin is on form then yeah. I mean we see how an on form Kane turns Spurs in title contenders(when the defence isn't utter wank). Same with an on form Vardy. So if he stays on form and smashing in the goals why not.
Comment: FAR too early to be asking this. 

Then again, you never know... :)
Comment: If it’s a season where one if the big clubs is amazing then no. But it looks more like one where everyone will drop points so I think it’s at least possible.
Comment: Never say never but all it takes is for Calvert Lewin to pick up an injury. I wasn’t overly impressed with Everton against Liverpool at the weekend but there are definitely huge signs of improvements there.
Comment: Not enough depth
Comment: Tough ask. But they’re playing great right now, unfortunately Liverpool have been rocked by Van Dijk’s injury, City look a little off rn and the rest of the league is a crap shoot week to week. If, like Leicester did, Everton find a way to stay healthy and consistent all year then why on earth not, anything is possible. What I would say is Pickford needs a fire lit under him with some competition because he looks all over the place rn.
Comment: Yes, definitely. But definitely have to wait until more games are played before any judgement can be made. Strangers things have happened in football.
Comment: WAYYYYYYY to early- but in play on Friday Villa will go top so never say never i guess
Comment: Top 6? Definitely. Top 4? Possibly. Top? I’ll wait til Christmas.

The fact we don’t have any European games can only benefit us though.
Comment: Depends on whether they can maintain their form.Even though its just 5 games into the season but I think there is still a possibility given that how most of the big clubs are off form for now.Will maybe come back to this post during Christmas to see how Everton are doing then ;)
Comment: Can they? Yes. Will they? Not a chance
Comment: Maybe.

Gotta remember that when Leicester won the “big clubs” we’re doing everything they could to not win games for whatever reason.

Still deserved and more than early that title regardless.
Comment: We need to get as many points as possible before 2021 because it's probably not gonna be as wierd as 2020. If we have a big enough lead by then, then who knows. Spurs and City will definitely prioritize Europe over the league so that helps. Liverpool without Van Dijk aren't gonna be nearly as good defensively and considering Gomez and Matip have had their fair share of injury issues it's not gonna help them. Chelsea aren't very good at the back but they can outscore any team so who knows. Manchester United are really inconsistent so I honestly don't know about them, but I don't expect them to challenge for the title regardless. Wolves without Europe is a force to reckoned with and once they start to get into form they become a machine. Leicester are really good but I think Europe will tire them out. Villa started amazingly but I don't think they'll keep it up for the entire season. In all seriousness though, I'd take an automatic Europa League spot because then we can probably keep the likes of Digne, Richarlison, DCL, etc.
Comment: Ffs man we are 5 games in

Comment: Truly Incredible goal. Still no excuse for that hair cut though.
Comment: NNN failed with only days to go.
Comment: I’m a United fan so I may have some bias but honestly that is 100% goal of the year so far. Absolutely ridiculous Rooney-esque bicycle.
Comment: Considering it's been over ten years since Rooney's it's a fair shout for premier league goal of the decade.

&#x200B;

Hitting far-post top bins from there when the ball is over head height and you're back to goal and upside down is the sort of thing that only a handful of players can even attempt, much less do.

&#x200B;

I love a forty yard screaming thunderbastard as much as anybody, but this is next level.
Comment: I'll stick my noise out and make an early prediction. No ones gonna better that goal this season
Comment: Goal of the season for sure but Rooney’s was in the derby against city so he still edges it in my opinion
Comment: Not a Man Utd fan, that goal was a thing of beauty though.
Comment: The argentine messi
Comment: Puskas winner right there. 

If I were a United fan however the most exciting part of this game would have to be the introduction of Maino to the PL though. That young lad is a special , special talent.
Comment: One of the best goals you can score at the highest level. CR7 would be proud.
Comment: I’m so sad because I was sure Sarabia’s stoppage time goal against spurs would get goal of month… Man U couldn’t have waited a couple days to let him get November
Comment: Goal of the season....so far.
Comment: Damn I got flashbacks of Rooneys…
Comment: I'm not even mad. One of the most impressive goals I've ever seen.
Comment: Honestly they should give this goal the award now. Unreal from him
Comment: Goal of the season is an understatement
Comment: I’d say it really has goal of the season buttoned up. Can’t imagine a better one being scored. Unreal hit, so clean
Comment: It’ll take a special goal to beat that one.
Comment: Post is gone now so I'll have to imagine it
Comment: Put this goal on a loop and put it in a museum, a piece of art.

Goals like this are the reason we watch and love football.

