Comment: Fulham is,12 out of 92 teams in the English league football . That's very good .
Comment: they were in the europa league final mate. when did you start watching them
Comment: We can beat any team in the league then lose to someone getting relegated, if we ever became consistent we could 100% get Europe. Nothing highlights this better than the two teams you’ve asked could we get to the level of, Brighton and West Ham, we have slapped both this season.
Comment: A bit inconsistent team tbh. One game they are difficult team scoring goals, next game they are all over the place. A bit of consistency and they could replicate what Brighton did and qualify for Europe.
Comment: The oldest squad in the Premier League. The focus will be keeping Silva, building a (younger) consistent squad (Palhina/Muniz/Robinson could go for big money, Tosin doesn't seem to want to sign a new contract, Ream/Willian/Cairney getting old now, Perriera could leave if his friends Muniz and Willian go) Need back up in central defence to partner Bassey. Need a decent striker (is Muniz a one-season wonder?)

Need to stay up for a few years before getting into Europe. Promoted before in 2000/01 and stayed up, reached the Europa league final in 2010. Need to replicate this.
Comment: as a fan whose club has been yoyo-ing up and down in the last half 7 years, i am happy that we finally got some stability in the league. of course the next step is to go up, but we have to see our situation on players. our good players will always face the possibility to leave to bigger clubs- think saha, dembeles(yes both); sessegnon and mitrovic, and we will always be open for business.

we’ve got a great youth academy with exciting youngsters coming up  the ranks, like stansfield and luke harris.

even if we stay the way we are now, i still will be happy with our placing as long as we are safe. but i believe marco has his sights on europe, the next 2 years will be crucial on how we refresh the squad with leaders like willian and ream gone, and the most of the squad moving into their early 30s late 20s.
Comment: There’s nothing wrong with that. They can totally spice things up and hold Liverpool to a draw this weekend and then maybe do the same thing to City? You never know with the likes of Fulham or Wolves etc
Comment: The #1 predictor of a club's success over the long term is the size of their worldwide fanbase, because that contributes the bulk of their revenue, which controls how much they can spend, which influences the quality of the squad, which influences the result. The big 6 are the big 6 regardless of where they finish in a given year, because they have the fanbase to bring in revenue year after year and remain competitive. Even teams like Villa, Everton, West Ham, and Newcastle that appear close to the big 6 in footballing terms (based on recent results and club history) fall far behind in revenue and worldwide fan base. Brighton has been successful lately because they have used their elite scouting program to make revenue independent of the fan base. I would guess that a similar tactic would work for Fulham, but it's very difficult to get right. I would say the best bet is for them to just focus on staying up. Get wins against big teams, get their name in the Premier League media conversation, increase their worldwide fanbase and revenue base, and they may eventually hit the top. But if they do, it's especially important that they maintain the "small club" mentality for a bit, because it's so easy to fall back down (Leicester, Leeds, etc.)
Comment: I’d be totally happy with what we are doing now to be honest! Not in a relation scrap, and to be honest I always think Europe would take it out of us. Our squad isn’t big enough, and we’d only be 2/3 injuries away from a completely different season. 

I’m just glad we’ve secured a third season in the premier league, had some great wins this seasons, but I’d like to see more consistency. Baby steps.
Comment: The way the Premier League operates, can they improve much? 

Teams at the top can keep spending money and nothing happens to them, but teams in the middle of the pack need to sell their players to comply with FFP and PSR. 

They will have to sell Palhinha and other players soon, they can avoid trouble if they can replace those players properly.
Comment: It’s not about how high it’s about if we get high then drop can we sustain it? That has never been the thought process of many clubs. Hence why Palace never overspend because they know long term it’s not viable.
Comment: They’ve got a decent squad but they’re a couple of departures away from disaster which eventually will happen. 

I don’t actually hate Fulham (even though I should) and they’ve had some really impressive performances and results this season but they’re not really that consistent and for them to qualify for Europe, they have to be almost perfect every week.
Comment: I’m not sure how ambitious we are. Odds are we’ll lose Paulinha and remain mediocre.
Comment: They got to the UEFA cup final...

But yeah, they have American owners so going nowhere
Comment: Well we'd need to keep our best players for starters, and if we do lose them find great replacements (like Brighton), our squad age is worryingly high if we want to push on we need to bring bright, young faces in, our scouting department has been brilliant since Marco joined so I think we're capable. Khan will also need to show serious ambition while also making sure we can't drop too low and it's a sustainable rebuild.

So for the near future, no, but if we keep our pl statues long term I think we're capable
Comment: Think it depends on how long they’re able to stay up and keep key players/manager.
Comment: Any higher aspirations start with Silva getting extended which will probably happen and Palhinha's replacement. 

We also need a decent striker and some better midfielders.

Question is do we have the money to get the depth needed for a European run.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I think if we can hold this exact squad for one more year we can compete for Europe. But by doing that we risk not selling when we’re supposed to and hurting long term sustainability. But peak short run I think next year we could compete
Comment: remember, even superior Liverpool had difficulty last time they meet in EPL and EFL Cup this season

Comment: Arsenal are allergic to ham it seems !
Comment: Is it something like 11 points dropped in the last 5? For a team in a title race that's pretty concerning, especially taking the lead today.
Comment: Arsenal in 4th place. Nature is healing itself
Comment: Gunners didn't play well. Showed no edge or creativity. Fulham deserved the win (Arsenal fan).
Comment: The last 2 games have been 2 of the most frustrating, most infuriating games I’ve seen in years. We were absolutely terrible, so bad that I could not imagine a single way that we could score.
Comment: Won against City for nothing
Comment: They were top at Christmas, they'll always have that.
Comment: We deserved to lose. There is no fluidity and all the passes are backwards. Unless we get a striker who could give us another dimension in attacks, we don’t stand a chance in the title race.

I am not sure about Toney’s fitness, but I would bet my money on him.
Comment: Raul Jimenez & Edson Alvarez 🇲🇽 
Crushing Arsenal fans hopes and dreams .
Comment: Fulham brace yourself for brigading
Comment: Can't put AFTV on, too busy watching The United Stand
Comment: Didn’t watch the game, how did the Reffing World Order screw over Arteta’s brave boys this time?
Comment: Fulham deserved it, shit happens, we’re still in the mix. Just about but still, all isn’t lost yet.
Comment: Bit early for their drop off, was expecting them to make it to at least Feb. Liverpool only team that can compete with City still
Comment: Arsenal are the gift that keeps on giving their fans write checks their team cannot cash
Comment: Arsenal usually this in February. Just getting it over with early
Comment: Yea welp ... reactionary media/fans going overload ... i hate this culture so much tbh. Its all black or white. 

At times it feels like ppl are more likely to chase/search for those negatives rather then positives. Be it with their team or their rivals. Negative emotions sells.
Comment: I’m not an arsenal fan so don’t watch them every game but when i do watch them and they are struggling they always seem to never want to change their way of trying to score, even when teams have 11 men behind the ball they think they can just walk the ball into the goal, every player they bring on as sub seems to be the same type of player that they already have so the strength in depth isn’t that great. Thats just my opinion anyway
Comment: City won the title this weekend.

  
KDB is coming back soon. He's going to start bouncing the ball in off Frankenstein's massive face and that's all she wrote.

  
Liverpool and Arsenal needed to establish a lead. They didn't. So it goes.
Comment: Arsenal fans are single-handedly the whiniest football fans in the Premiership

Comment: This isn't covered in the media enough as City's lawyers are busy with cease and desist letters to broadcasters. So, here are the list of reasons that have kept City where they are:

• 54x Failure to provide accurate financial information 2009-10 to 2017-18.

• 14x Failure to provide accurate details for player and manager payments from 2009-10 to 2017-18.

• 5x Failure to comply with Uefa's rules, including Financial Fair Play (FFP) 2013-14 to 2017-18.

• 7x Breaching Premier League's PSR rules 2015-16 to 2017-18.

• 35x Failure to co-operate with Premier League investigations December 2018 - Feb 2023.

For a not guilty club, the unwillingness to supply standard financial information is unheard of. It speaks of a choice being made to withhold the information and take the hit for that rather than move into potential criminal / regulatory / fraudulent ground by confirming the irregularities. 

The 12 FFP and PSR breaches are where the sporting penalties akin to Forest, Everton, and Man Utd will come in. I'd expect points deductions for the PSR breaches, so 42 points for the 7 breaches if they don't apply more drastic ones considering how many breaches occurred. But joined to the non co-operation ones, it might cause a totting up punishment similar to Rangers getting busted all the way to the bottom tier. Maybe even out of the professional leagues.

Also, bear in mind that other teams in City Group are now being surfaced as doing similar stuff in their own leagues. Luckily for City group, there isn't a global football body whose remit would cover this holisticly.

So Pep is right. City group are consistent. And when City fans harp on about UEFA not finding them guilty, their lawyers knew that taking their appeal to CAS wouldn't result in sporting penalties (competition bans or points deductions etc) as its not in their remit. That's why they did exactly the same as above by withholding information all the way through so UEFA couldn't charge them. They can't do that this time.

Imagine supporting a Club with no integrity and tarnishing the whole game and having the gall to carry on as normal.
Comment: If you having league problems,
I feel bad for you son,
I got 115 FFP charges,
And our finance and legal team will ensure that we don't get charged for a single one.
Comment: I can't describe how much I hate that club
Comment: 115
Comment: Destiny Udogie belongs to Spurs

Is he stoopid?
Comment: I can think of 115 reasons why they're so consistent🤨
Comment: Oh fuck off you cheat
Comment: The sobering part? They will be stronger next year. There’s barely a chink in the armour and they’re going to strengthen. 💀
Comment: Destiny belongs to the committee that investigates Manc115ter Cheaty's gross financial breaches.

So far, the league chose to deduct points from Everton, twice, and from Nottingham Forest. However, they have failed to punish Cheaty for significantly worse behavior. The excuse that due to the large number of violations, they need more time to investigate is moot, because they could have investigated one of the charges, deduct points as needed, and move on to investigate the other 114 charges. They did exactly that with Everton's two charges.

This reeks of corruption to high heavens and renders all of Cheaty's matches moot.
Comment: Destiny actually plays for Spurs
Comment: Nice to see a real underdog winning the right way and creating a legacy for the next generation to admire.
Comment: A disgrace to English football
Comment: It does, all 115 pieces of it!
Comment: 115 charges will hit like crack
Comment: Cmon Spurs do a funny thing
Comment: Absolutely no one cares. Celebrating City winning is like celebrating the casino because the dealer won at blackjack.
Comment: “Destiny” is a funny way of spelling “the financial capacity of a middle eastern petrostate and a flagrant disregard for the rules”
Comment: What a load of shite - destinty belongs to us. Jesus, how fuckin spoilt are these brats that think they have destiny on their side after breaking every rule in the book to get there. And he's a cheating fuck throughout his career. Destiny, my ass
Comment: No one gives a crap if City win this league again as their success has been manufactured with financial doping and fraud. You don't nearly get relegated to become a stable club/team without breaking rules. No football fan in World Football respects Manchester City as everyone knows they are the Lance Armstrong of football. 

They have tainted the game and city fans who are still so deluded to say they are innocent. Then why still refuse to hand over your accounts. 

The Premier League and UEFA, when they found them guilty, the loophole City used, was laughable. Both should have given an ultimatum of handing over all information or face suspension from football. If Arsenal wins the league, it will be a win for football.
Comment: Thought he was talking about Udogie.

Comment: What a finisher
Comment: If he scored that goal today, we'd all be anxious because VAR would check 14 angles of a "possible foul" because his hand slightly touched the defender's face
Comment: 150 goals for man United only one of them outside of the box. Quality striker.
Comment: One of the best strikers of the 00s yet folks seem to not give him too much credit. Dismissing him as simply "a poacher."
Comment: No one expected him to get a shot off with his right foot that quickly from that position/angle. Very tricky, a super intelligent finish.
Comment: One of the best to ever do it in the PL. Born goalscorer
Comment: Crazy son of a bitch. Not a MU fan but damn what a finished!
Comment: That was very Ruud to the defenders
Comment: One of the best out and out strikers to play in the prem imo
Comment: Is that Ole Gunnar Solskjær celebrating with him?!
Comment: I think it's rubbish.

Signed
A Fulham Supporter 
😅😅😅
Comment: gas
Comment: The double-touch at the end to set and finish is so lethal, keeper doesn't even get set.
Comment: Great goal, what was the goalkeeper doing tho 🤣
Comment: Yep yep just like I drew it up. 

- Sir Alex
Comment: Decent finish but huge question mark over the Fulham defence...looks like they all have Ruud on at the bookies to score next?
Comment: RVN was ahead, soo good. But looking at the Fulham team there... oof. 
Funny how this sport has developed. This would be hard to repeat today.
Comment: Werner should learn a thing or two
Comment: Absolute class
Comment: I wish that had turned out better, he had years of his prime left

Comment: You can’t continue handing out fines until the city situation is dealt with. As a fan of the sport it looks very suspect.
Comment: Everyone gets fine , point deduction except you know who!
Comment: Just imagine the zeroes at the end of 1 that must have been payed to Premier League for keeping City in the clear. Can’t believe people still support PL or watch any games of this blatantly corrupt organization.
Comment: Fulham punished for paying a small club a fee and a sell on for a player because someone didn’t get their cut basically.
Comment: Manchester City better watch out! Looks like the FA is starting to crack down on rule breaches!
Comment: Lance Armstrong fc looks on…. lol
Comment: We’ve some absurd weird rules in football, this is a fine but others are a point deduction.
I don’t get it someone please explain so it makes sense
Comment: They registered Carvalho as their academy player? Wtf?
Comment: i read the article , so they brought him from some club which was not in some list of accepted transferor clubs . And Fullham themselves self reported this to the PL , what are the idiots at FA doing and what are the big shots at Prem smoking I dont understand
Comment: A story like this should have 115 comments on it already
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: There is nothing good to this except to harm grassroots football. Why can't all clubs under FA be compensated?
Comment: Where is the points deduction...

Comment: I thought she did very well, fortunately though, there were no controversial decisions to make and no one surrounding the ref or having a go.    I’m sure she’ll face much more difficult games in the near future but the EPL eased her in by chosing this game IMO.  As they should do, so well done all round IMO 😊
Comment: All i care about is what Joey Barton has to say about this, im sure we're all dying to know
Comment: Only match I didn’t hear about bad calls after. Well done.
Comment: Games gone. I kid I kid. Heard she had a good game. The bar has been set pretty low this season but still.
Comment: I’d happily have all the REFs be female, can’t be worse than their male counterparts.
Comment: Shouldn't even be news. Would anybody have known if there wasn't headlines about it? Congrats to her being the first but it doesn't need drawing attention to it, just let her get on with the job. Don't give a shit if the ref is male, female or an automated bot so long as they're competent and consistent.

Sadly, you can see the headlines already, the minute she has a bad game which feels almost inevitable. She'll get the same amount of stick a male ref would from most fans. That will trigger artciles probably already written in anticipation from certain people and sections of the media who will then angle it towards sexism.  the media pundits will probably go the complete opposite and refuse to criticise her through fear and then some absolute fucknuggets on Twitter will inevitably take it way too far aiming vile abuse at her and the idea football has a problem and not just society rears it's head again.

Can't wait...
Comment: Only thing that matters: Did she do a good job?
Comment: No one should have a problem as long as she can do her job. But also, people have to be able to criticise her if she has a shit performance every now and then without some knob calling it sexism.
Comment: Great news.

Love to see morw women represented in the game.

Joey Barton, est your heart out.
Comment: She did a fantastic job too. Better than the other men refs from today
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: if its doing a good job, i cant care less about what sexuality the ref is.
Comment: Sweet!
Comment: more importantly is she from manchester?
Comment: I watched the game from the safety of my home in New England. I was pleased that she simply let them play. I was relieved that there were no controversial moments. By the end I was struggling to remember her first name.

I think this was probably a wise choice (as opposed to Liverpool v Arsenal or another high profile matchup). But I think she's earned a measure of respect because nothing really stood out.
Comment: Idc if its male, female or even a god damn lizard, cockorach or froggies. I just want a good referee
Comment: Who cares, as long as she’s not terrible
Comment: Kinda silly that it took all the way until now lol.
Comment: How are referees rated? Does anyone know how any referee get chosen for an EPL game?
Comment: The male refs already showed they don't have a clue so I am sure she will be an upgrade, a significant one.

Comment: God being a football journalist must be the easiest job in the world. See someone in the crowd and make up rumours. Simple
Comment: Jose probably only went to the Fulham for the sole purpose of trolling journalists and whipping up a fake frenzy. Legend.
Comment: Literally think it’s more likely he becomes Fulham manager
Comment: Oh come on! He still lives in the area. Probably fancied seeing a game of football.
Comment: José Mourinho has been attending all matter of sporting events.

He also attended F1 in Saudi. Maybe he is going to replace Fred Vasseur at Ferrari... no?

*Mourinho storms into the garage to find Hamilton and Charles: "Apapapiya Apapapa. It's not after the race. Is during the race, the race is important! F\*\*\*! We need inten-city. You see Max and Perez together, you strike, they out. We make points, they make zero. The most importante sing is they don't make points."*
Comment: Imagine Liverpool, one of the best pressing high tempo attacking teams in the world moving to a back 3 and playing in a low block hahahaha
Comment: That would be hilarious
Comment: As a Liverpool fan… I would take a break from football for 18 months if that happened
Comment: Imagine thinking Mourinho at Liverpool is a possibility… and there’s people like that out there.
Comment: God no. Anybody but Jose.
Comment: Its Thomas Frank guys. New Liverpool Manager
Comment: NO. PLZ NO.
Comment: >leading to Anfield rumour

By clickbait mongers and idiots.
Comment: He was just there to commentate on the game…in his own head.
Comment: As a Liverpool fan, i would hate this. I don't like his style of play and don't think he be successfull in Liverpool. Former United manager does not help either.
Comment: For the pure chaos it would cause please let this happen.
Comment: Please god NO! 
Borinho at Anfield would be a huge mistake!
Comment: He's already eyeing that 20 mil severance package :)
Comment: hold your horses.

he could be scouting for being a fulham manager too, since marco had that big offer from saudis last year. 

not everything is about the “big” clubs
Comment: Imagine mourinho to  Liverpool 😂😂😂

Comment: Puskas nominee
Comment: I'd like to say a goal is a goal. But this is just something else
Comment: #Scriptedefootballgame
Comment: FIFA’s graphics looking good
Comment: As a Fulham supporter, who gives a damn....
Comment: The team that conceded this beat United 4-0 last week btw
Comment: Better than Wilshere vs. Norwich
Comment: And they say FIFA isn't real.
Comment: They all weigh the same at the end of the day
Comment: Classic barclays
Comment: Not a clean strike to be found 😂
Comment: Nothing about the goal, but I have a question about the match today and why half the stadium seats were empty?
Comment: I will only watch football highlights with cartoon sound effects on them from now on
Comment: FIFA devs/Stans will point to goals like this and say “see that’s just how football is sometimes, it’s a feature, not a bug.”
Comment: What a goal🥶
Comment: All that counts is that its in the back of the net.  However I doubt it will be winning goal of the month.
Comment: I'm *wheezing*
Comment: Stoke City under Tony Pulis:
Comment: Suddenly I feel like I'm watching a game from the not so premier leauge
Comment: We. Will. Take it.

Comment: [removed]
Comment: Should be longer
Comment: Should be lifetime. Make an example out of him
Comment: not long enough
Comment: No establishment should have the desire to take money from a homophobe.
Comment: Lmao, if you do care about rights of homosexual people so much, stop giving green light to every Middle East oil money or begging for Middle East owners to your club.
Comment: Personally don’t think the rent boy chant warrants a ban at all
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I’m fine. Three years seem fine.
Comment: What a shame, it was a great chant.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: CRB chant isn’t and never was homophobic. UK courts are wrong. 

If it was something else then maybe banning them was right it would depend on what was said.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: Why is this a problem when you can yell out heterosexual chants no problem?
Comment: Every chant is going to be some phobic. I feel the full ham fans should find out what chant it was and the entire stadium should sing it in the next game.

Let's see how many people do they ban.

Note - I'm supporting the rights of the stadium goers to say what they want. I've no problems with anyone's race or sexual orientation.

I do have a problem with trans women playing women's sports. And that everyone should have.

Comment: Maybe they’re missing a certain mad Serbian
Comment: They overperformed the stats last season and have no real goalscorers anywhere on the pitch since Mitrovic left
Comment: Likely because of Mitrovic leaving because Mitrovic was practically their Bruno G or Rodri, although he was one man, he was essential for their attack and you can tell as once he got the red card and was absent from the team, they looked mid.
There are probably more factors to this that I don't know of so best leave this to Fulham fans.
Comment: Losing Mitro was massive. The club ownership knew he was going and didn’t bother to replace him properly. Palhinha was unsettled by events in the end of the window.

In addition, key players Ream and Willian are a year older, which is significant at their age. Pereira was very important last season but had a bad injury at the end - hasn’t come back the same. Tom Cairney also important is in a steady decline of how much he can play due to his knees.

The window was very poor, the first team is weaker than last year due to the reasons above, and really castagne is the only signing yet to show much worth.

Root cause is the owners and club management. They have always underwhelmed at recruitment and are alienating the supporters with a ludicrous ticket pricing policy. The new stand is hideous and the ticket prices there are even more uniquely ridiculous than the other price increases. Our DoF is a joke example of an over indulged spoilt brat - and since the Khans have been in charge we’ve had a parade of failed centre forwards signed (mitro as the only exception was Jokanovic’s doing). 

The silva lining (see what I did) is the manager’s new contract and fingers, toes and anything else crossed that the manager can influence the club management into a couple of decent signings in January with the mitro money. That and there appear to be 3/4 equally poor teams. 17th would be taken gratefully right now.
Comment: Losing Mitro and no suitable replacement. Lack of creativity. Lots of defensive errors.

 But it's also not that bad as we haven't had the kindest run of fixtures. We've picked up points where we needed to except against Brentford and also gotten a point away at Brighton and Arsenal. I think our results after IB will determine our season.
Comment: Replaced Mitrovic with Jimenez who hasn’t been a reliable goal scorer since before his horrible head injury.
Comment: Lost Mitro, and didn't spend for a replacement.  They act like a championship club.
Comment: Mitro go Saudi, Fulham go bad
Comment: Only reason they won't go down this season is because of Burnley, Sheffield and Luton being so far removed from everyone else.

They could genuinely set a new record low points total for a team to survive.
Comment: Isn't it obvious? They lost their main striker scoring goals for them. And haven't found an adequate replacement.
Comment: They sold their focal point and replaced him with a striker who hasn’t scored goals in a few seasons since a bad head injury
Comment: They were already overperforming their metrics last season so they were due to return back to normal if nothing changed. But instead they replaced Mitrovic who had 14 goals with Jimenez who has had 11 in his last 70 games
Comment: They shipped off Mitrovic to Al Hilal and replaced him with Jiménez, who hasn’t been the same since that injury. 

Don’t know what they were expecting
Comment: Lost their best goal scoring threat and replaced him with a mediocre striker Wolves let go for 5M. 

Their best player is Leno which says a lot about their leaky defence. 

Their only saving grace could be that there are 3-4 worse teams and Palhinha might stay till end of the season.
Comment: They lost players and didn’t replace them
Comment: Is the Marco Silva effect - he doesn’t last three years at any football club….trust us limpeh all of us Evertonians know firsthand of him
Comment: A few things. 

Mitrovic is an obvious one, don’t really need to say much more other than we built a team around him and our 1st, 2nd, and 3rd choice replacements are a long way off that.

We also lost Solomon, who wasn’t the best player in the world but was a great impact sub without a replacement.

The squad has aged which has an impact too, without any major improvement other than Iwobi - he’s been decent but not as an outlet for goals.

I expect other sides have got used to the way we and Silva play, and have been able to counter that.

Finally, Kenny Tete has been out for a while and whilst Castagne is good, he’s not been at the same level. Robinson has been especially poor but we don’t have cover there.

Finally finally - at centre back Tim Ream is not as good as last year and Bassey has been a bit of a liability. It’s hurt us.

We build out a lot from the back, so this negative change to the back four has cost us both defensive and offensively.

Just my opinion £0.02, I’m sure others have a more in depth analysis.
Comment: It isn't hard to work out. They overachieved last season and then sold their best top goalscorer. For a club their size who recently got promoted, they're operating at their expected level really.
Comment: No mitro replacement is the major difference. Ream hasn't been as good this season (not his fault at all just getting older) and bassey has shown a lot of promise but needs much more time to adapt. Our wingers not having a striker to link up with or cross the ball into the box to has effected them and peereira is also really struggling from not really having a striker to link up with.

The root of almost all problems is us not having a striker. If we get a suitable mitro replacement in Jan we'll be perfectly fine, if not I still think we'll survive but you never know. Worrying times but no need to panic. Yet
Comment: Three points of difference helped Fulham last season:

Mitrovic - goal scorer, gone. 

Palhinha - elite defensive midfielder when he doesn’t look frustrated that he’s playing for Fulham. 

Silva - fantastic in game manager who can adapt as needed; it is said he is very intense on the training pitch and this can get old for players if he doesn’t have the charisma to keep them hungry for the work. 


The hardest three positions to recruit for in football currently - striker, defensive midfielder, manager. Last season they had all three, this season they lost one, may lose the second come January and the third may be losing effectiveness without some type of shakeup.

Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Went to a match against QPR at the Cottage when they were in the Championship and had a great time. Was my first English match in person since I’m American, which is another reason I have a soft spot for the club (Dempsey, Antonee Robinson, Ream, etc.) My college roommate is also a fan, so yeah, I like Fulham.
Comment: One of my favourite away grounds. A beautiful setting on the banks of the Thames. Friendly fans and easy ground to get to with plenty to do after the game. They’ve always played decent football no matter who was managing them. I first really noticed them when Kevin Keegan was managing them.
Comment: Nice ground by the river. Pleasant club. Inoffensive….except for taking 5 points off us this season which could prove pivotal 😭
Comment: Think we’ve been underwhelming this season. Miss Mitro. Sort of hate Mitro.
Comment: Fulham are a great club, if I wasn't a neutral, I'd support Fulham.
Comment: Chelsea’s little brothers. No issues with them.
Comment: They have a lot of Americans fans historically, they have a history of having American players, their fan base are posh Tory lawyers so yea they are whatever to me lol. 
Comment: Fulham is a great club
Comment: They’re alright - fairly small club, nice stadium (I like the outside concourse), seriously outpricing many of their fans. 

Definitely prefer them to most of their neighbours
Comment: As a Jaguars fan, I keep my eye on them.
Comment: Rich and prestigious history those Cottagers.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Never been bothered by Fulham, but if you're thinking about getting a ticket, you might need to sell an organ or sell your house first
Comment: Perfectly neutral
Comment: I am a fulham fan for anyone wondering
Comment: Fairly small club with a long and respectable history. I'm happy to see a bit of consistency from them but I think of them pretty solidly as a bottom half / yoyo club
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, we’re very close geographically but I don’t think there’s a rivalry between us. I’m quite fond of them personally and will always rather they win when they’re playing another London club. There have been a decent amount of transfers between us too.
Comment: So inoffensive, they are bordering offensive.

They are not a glamour tie for any Premier League club, although some London clubs may have a local derby with them.
They are unlikely to ever challenge at the top end of the league, they have a historic ground which has history.
Their fans are never going to win awards for the best atmosphere, or being the loudest, but they aren’t going to be hated.

Honestly, with all due respect to Fulham fans, they are rather forgettable.
Comment: Loved their UEFA Cup run in the 00s on Channel 5 and Craven Cottage is a lovely wee stadium that I've been to. 

Other than that, meh. I don't hate them but I don't have that much of a soft spot either. There's teams I'd rather go down, there's teams I'd rather stay up.

Comment: Always rated Manchester United, Fulham, Wolves. Brighton,and erm

Spurs 😳
Comment: Enemy of my enemy, is my friend.
Comment: Maybe City have 115 charges because they’ve been planning a party for us all and they didn’t want to ruin the surprise. Wouldn’t we all feel foolish then
Comment: The allied powers
Comment: “Point to where the bald fraud touched you”
Comment: Surprised no Liverpool
Comment: It’s the Premier League avengers.
Comment: Ngl, this might end up being more entertaining than the Euros this summer 🤣
Comment: Liverpool are the ones with most to gain so don’t want to be seen to be the biggest protagonist’s! 
Have no doubt that Liverpool will join the party - FSG have always argued against the corruption of city!
Comment: The allies
Comment: City feel like Many clubs wish death upon them.
Comment: Liverpool to Man City : You'll never walk alone
Comment: Never thought I'd die fighting side by side with Arsenal
Comment: Spurs will bottle giving the evidence
Comment: This really is turning into a bit of a tribal free-for-all huh
Comment: #*Eastenders bells hits*
Comment: My new second clubs! Send these c u n t s down
Comment: There’s something about City where you don’t hear about anything unless it’s through official people. Former players rarely mention the club or even talk about their experience. Almost feels like if you sign you can’t talk about the club and most certainly the ownership.
Comment: Nice. I hope omar berrada has some damning evidence. Cheating pieces of shit.
Comment: The PL Civil War. Who will win? Who will bribe some people?

Let's see.

Comment: ETH has been waffling about performing well after losing a match since a while now...
Comment: United were utter shit, a wonder goal and City missing chances doesn’t change that. 

If Sheffield United went there and played like that, nobody would try and say they played well.
Comment: We need to figure out a way to stop letting idiots and children post on this sub.
Comment: It was an awful performance by United
Comment: United were set up like a league one team away to the champions 

One reported asked Pep about City “struggling” in the first half 

Pep was like: we weren’t struggling at all 😂
Comment: I’m gonna ignore Goldbridge, I usually don’t mind him but I think he’s got caught up in the emotion of nearly beating City and then when it didn’t happen he choose to hyper fixate on the referee and it was frankly embarrassing. Almost like we can’t count the result because in his head it wasn’t a fair one. 

So let’s talk Neville, to Gary United should be beating Fulham and pressing them etc etc, showing the Ten Hag way so to speak, against City if you do that you’re dead, so their best chance of winning is almost what they did, if Rashford doesn’t air hit that ball on the right, if he doesn’t dive under Walkers aura or doesn’t mis head that ball they would have had enough goals to win that game. The game plan like it or not was to get City playing sooo high up the field Rashford and Garnacho would have room to run into behind the defence, and they almost executed it.

Yes there’s a huge gap between the quality of those teams but as far as that game goes the plan was correct regardless of what the stats look like.
Comment: Most expensive squad in history playing like Stoke City.

United fans must claw their eyes out watching their team. Absolutely pathetic club with a manager that should be managing Stoke City.
Comment: They aren’t underperforming, they’re overperforming.  They should be bottom half.  They get lucky.

Stop thinking that United is supposed to be great, that hasn’t been true for over a decade.  They suck and deserve nothing.  The entitlement is part of the problem.
Comment: Why talk about United not being able to get 4th? Let’s talk about if Villa can keep this up and clinch Champions League qualification for the first time (ever technically, I know they’ve won Big Ears in 1982)…
Comment: Yeah I was laughing when he was saying that , they would have to be in the non league for sky to stop wanking over them Every week
Comment: United were battered from pillar to post. Even when they scored, it was against the run of play. To be fair, there wasn’t much chance of keeping up with this City squad at the Etihad. 

Rashford and Garnacho were disastrous. McTominay might not have actually been on the pitch (will check the replay). 

I don’t mind Goldbridge, but he’s absolutely lost the plot to think that was ever a penalty (or a foul on Rashford).
Comment: United are a better team than Fulham and should have won. They didn’t, it’s a problem. 

City are a (far) better team than United and should have won. They did, it’s not a problem.
Comment: Defensively, United did brilliantly in the 1st half. But there's only so long you can defend against City away
Comment: Did laugh when Neville said that… they conceded 3 goals in a half, since when is that good 🤷‍♂️
Comment: Who actually cares though, ManUtd is not Fergie’s MU anymore. It’s been systematically raided and plundered by the Glazers and ETH has no defining style or strategy. Let them continue to rot to the bottom along with Chelsea while their fans live in the past.
Comment: What shit are you smoking? We didn't play well, we held off defensively for the first half and a moment of magic from Rashford gave us a bit of joy. Other than that it was a mauling. Was expected. Didn't hear any United fans genuinely think we were going to win.
Comment: It was a bad performance by a team that have neither the personnel or the confidence. 

It was an interesting tactical experiment but it didn't work at all.
Comment: I suppose people like Gary act like they’re the manager at times, where sometimes they think it’s best to publicly slate the players and other times they want to praise to build their confidence even if it’s exaggeratory. 

Sadly we shouldn’t put much stock in what most pundits say. I don’t think there’s anyone I’d say is worth keeping an ear out for.
Comment: United spending as much as they have in 10 years and only having an FA Cup and Europa league to show for it is sad. I don’t think I’ve seen a more dominant side fall from grace as hard as they have.
Comment: Always gonna lose

Comment: At this point in the season for Fulham why not 😂
Comment: High tier shit housing, I'm impressed.
Comment: Should have just pulled his shorts down
Comment: good way to get a swift elbow to the chin
Comment: Straight from the training ground.
Comment: wow what a brilliant jerk move. I'm impressed
Comment: And then they failed to beat the first man with the corner. Kinda sums up Fulham's season; good ideas but just not enough quality.
Comment: Hahaha is that allowed though haha class
Comment: kind of funny lol seems like a Vardy thing to do
Comment: kind of funny lol
Comment: Next level tactics. Even better, hold the strap and make the keeper move away to unwrap it.
Comment: God, you would want to feed him your elbow so badly lol
Comment: I'm a Chelsea fan and I applaud the shithousery
Comment: Arteta having an emergency training session today now.
Comment: RELEGATED!
Comment: Is this not in the same category as untying someone’s shoelaces? Seems like it would be a yellow for unsportsmanlike conduct if it’s spotted.
Comment: 😂😂😂
Comment: What a cunt. Who does that?!
Comment: If their coach sees this clip later on , even he'll be disappointed.
Comment: Hahaha I've just never seen it before

Comment: You don’t choose the club, the club chooses you.
Comment: The championship is one of the most entertaining leagues in the world. So even if it doesn't work out you've chosen well
Comment: Yes, you have. Though I respect you didn't go hunting glory. I'm curious how you got attached to Fulham though, instead of all the other teams?
Comment: at least its more interesting than being a glory hunting fan
Comment: Not at all mate. Come join our discord https://discord.gg/MsMDwWw6 we have other Canadians too. 

Fulham are easily the best thing that’s ever happened to me. And I’m very confident it’s gonna get better in the coming years.
Comment: The thrill of surviving relegation on the last day of the year will make all the pain and frustration worth it. 

- a Leeds fan
Comment: You obviously didn’t follow them to jump on the winner’s bandwagon. I’ll give you credit for that.

I’ve been a Liverpool fan pushing 40 years now. A kid a couple years older than me in high school introduced me to the English leagues. He showed me the table in the Chicago Tribune. He pointed to Liverpool and said that’s who he liked, and pointed to ManU and said that’s who he hated. At the time, he was the coolest guy I’d ever met, so I followed suit. I’ve never been as cool as I thought he was, but I’m still supporting Liverpool.

Bottom line, as others have stated, sometimes the club chooses you.
Comment: Doesn't matter if you support a team that might be setting you up for disappointment. You don't support a team because they're good, that's not how it works.
Comment: Respect
Comment: You don't choose the wand Mr Potter
Comment: disappointment, then joy, then disappointment, then joy so you're half right tbh
Comment: Support any team for long enough and there will be periods of heartbreak
Comment: I tell you what, there would be worse home grounds for you to pick than Craven Cottage. Lovely day out; lovely fans, great atmosphere.
Comment: At least Fulham has a good shot at winning a trophy every other year tbf
Comment: Disappointment has nothing to do with it…the club really does choose you. I’m an American chosen by a flock of Seagulls. 😉

Fulham is a fun club, Craven Cottage is lovely, and Mitrovic is a trip to watch. Have fun, celebrate your club, and enjoy the ride!
Comment: an avg r/soccercirclejerk post
Comment: Only if you set your expectations at an unrealistic level.

Most teams will never win a top level trophy. If you support Fulham and get the idea that you'll win the premier league one day, you'll probably be disappointed. If you go into it with realistic expectations and celebrate day to day match wins, surviving relegation, and getting promoted back to the premier league after relegation - you'll be as happy as anybody.

If anything the most miserable fans seem to be the top-6 club supporters who seem to think they have a divine right to win the league every year.
Comment: I mean, I got attached to Everton

Sooooo
Comment: You've got Dan James now so that's nice. #lufc #mot #alaw
Comment: Ah the glory hunting comments incoming. If you are not in the UK, it makes sense to support a big team. They play better football mostly and are covered on TV a lot more. But i agree, the club chooses you.

Comment: As a neutral fan for this match it’s been a pleasure to watch, Fulham giving their all
Comment: STOP THE FUCKING COUNT
Comment: Wonder what the ppl who said "Mitrovic will only score 5 goals this season" are thinking? 🤔
Comment: No actual contact lol
Comment: Fulham out here doing the Lord’s work lmao.  Great performance and great to get a point against a side like Liverpool.
Comment: I believe that Fulham will stay up
Comment: Arnold had a terrible game....and I'm also worried about Thiago.  what's the update on him
Comment: Is there anything worse than linesman waiting half a year to put the offside flag up?
Comment: Never a penalty lmfao
Comment: How was this a penalty? There was no contact. Van Dijk didn’t even touch Mitrovic.
Comment: Nice to see Mitrovic is still a cunt. Not even a Liverpool fan.
Comment: I’m actually so happy for Fulham, so proud and I don’t even support them!
Comment: Is it just me or does it seem like liverpool get away with a lot of fouls that "weaker" teams get called for?
Comment: Funniest thing from the match was fulham fans chanting “you’re not singing anymore” while being silent all game 😂😂
Comment: So tired of the biased Liverpool commentators, grew up listening to their shite in the 80s on bbc radio. Scouse bastards expect everyone to lie down for them?
Comment: I would take Mitrovic at United. An upgrade on Ighalo
Comment: Nunez will be lethal
Comment: Why is one whole side at Craven Cottage not being used?
Comment: This has been a very entertaining first half!
Comment: Congratulations to Man City for winning 2023 premiership.

Comment: Hendo is on 700k/w

Hes not going anywhere else at 34
Comment: I read somewhere that Veratti has it in his contract to be allowed to leave one week per month. 

That made me laugh. Like I’ll come but I ain’t staying the whole month.
Comment: I so wish Bobby had gone to Italy instead, he was playing much too well for the Saudi league last season. The other players were clearly winding down but he had 2-3 more good years in the right place
Comment: Don't think Hendo will come back this soon. Maybe if Sunderland get back into the Prem in the next 18 months though?
Comment: None of the players you have mentioned will leave soon, maybe jota but doubtful that will be to a premier league team, they only went for money, that isn’t drying up anytime soon so can’t see them leaving just yet at all
Comment: Didn't Bobby say he wouldn't/couldn't play for another PL club? Can't see him (don't want to see him) signing on loan for any other club in PL
Comment: Fuck em all. Let them retire in their solid gold cages.
Comment: Damn, Newcastle are going to be absolutely stacked.
Comment: Ronaldo to Man Utd. /sigh
Comment: Newcastle will have first refusal on every player leaving that league. It's a joke.
Comment: Fuck Jordan Henderson more than anyone else

Fucking definition of a sellout.
Comment: Linked to us also 

Sounds feasible at a mere £330k a week 🤣
Comment: Firmino at Fulham would be pretty cool tbf
Comment: Klopp should get Bobby back just for the song
Comment: Bobby was a PL treasure and that’s coming from an Arsenal fan
Comment: I'd take Manê back.
Comment: I do hope everyone except Newcastle, Sheff Utd, Man City, Chelsea, Everton, Wolves, Forest refuse to sign anyone.
Comment: I'd love it, it's not happening.  
Even on a loan, the wage contribution would break us.
Comment: Henderson won't be back - he'll retire or move on to the US or somewhere. 

Gerrard probably will though, but probably not by his own choice.
Comment: Hendo is not coming back. I don't think many clubs would even want him and he's on such high wages that there's no reason he'd want to come back. Unless he took a massive paycut and the transfer was free, I can't see anyone taking him.

Comment: Very happy for him. He really deserves.

Great guy and great player.
Comment: This again. Hope he goes because he well and truly mopped the floor with us. Superb player and would have him any day of the week.
Comment: If the Khans accept less than €60 million, Marco could leave.
Comment: If at first you don't succeed, try, try again...
Comment: Again just so we can listen for the next 2 years there was interest
Comment: He would be perfect for LFC
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: [deleted]

Comment: I think he was appreciated pretty fairly. One of those players who everyone called “underrated” to the point that he got properly rated. His lack of goals and assists definitely prevented him from being more highly rated amongst casual fans though.
Comment: Goals.
The casual doesn't pay enough attention to see his unquantifiable ability but the fact is he scored 7 goals in 7 seasons. I'm not saying he has to put up double figures but scoring is important. 

In that spurs team everyone rightly recognised the attack of Kane/Dele/Son/Eriksen but it was Dembele that facilitated it imo.
Comment: Not playing for a more traditional elite team. Every Spurs player interviewed around that time said Moussa was the best player they had ever played with. Strength of a bulldozer, feet of a ballerina was one of the quotes if memory serves.
Comment: You could not get the ball off that man.
Comment: In his 8 years in the PL he only played one full season, always injured.
Comment: Did not play CM (his best position) until mid-career. Many teams & coaches played him as forward, winger, or AM. It wasn't until the latter part of his time at Fulham that he consistency played CM and showed what he can do there.  Similar to what happened to Joelington at Newcastle.
Comment: He played for Spurs and Fullham
Comment: Injuries. General unavailability.
Comment: If you put him in his prime in the Pep's current Manchester City team, he would be regarded as one of the best midfielders of all time.
Comment: His impact on the team was immense, but it never really showed up on the stat sheet. His best ability was to keep possession. The dude was so big and strong yet so graceful on the dribble. 

He would just pick up the ball in our defensive third, and dribble up the field and give the ball to our creative attackers. He could do this against anyone and it allowed our front 4 of kane, son, eriksen, and dele to focus on the offensive third. 

He was also a great defender and played the double pivot role phenomenally. Our forwards were spoiled because of the impact of Dembele

I remember someone saying, “Dembele is an alien, come from a faraway planet to keep possession”
Comment: I always thought had he stayed at Fulham for another season he would have bypassed Spurs and gone to an elite club. Absolutely phenomenal player
Comment: He played for Spurs.
Comment: I don’t know if he was in his “prime” at Fulham, but he was probably at his athletic peak, and it was sort of breathtaking at times.
Comment: What stopped Dembele?

Playing for Spurs and Fulham, probably.

That and the injuries.
Comment: Lots of injuries

Lack of goals and assists

Playing for Spurs and Fulham
Comment: people keep saying it’s his lack of goals/assists, which is probably why. the unfair thing about that is that he basically played as a holding midfielder for most of his time in the premier league
Comment: Casual fans+no trophies (playing for spurs.) If he had played for a title contending team ofc he would’ve been at least called underrated by the sam ppl that call Busquets and Müller underrated. (Everyone rates those guys highly)
Comment: Dude was legit. I just think he was comfortable in London. That’s why he stayed so long at Fulham and spurs.
Comment: End product. He had everything but assists and goals. Jude Bellingham is the next generation of Dembele.
Comment: Really think Sp*rs played their best football with him in the team and was the main catalyst for those top 4 finishes, culminated in them having their best league season in club's history points wise in 2017. They haven't looked the same since he left them in early 2019.

Comment: Liverpool fans watching closely..
Comment: Absolutely ELECTRIC. What a needed turnaround going into 2024. COYW!!!
Comment: If Fulham beat Arsenal, city will be above Arsenal with 1 game less than them

I just want to leave it there
Comment: This was a really good game from Fulham. All the players were sharp and had an incredible work rate. They were able to maintain perfect attacking and defensive shapes almost all the time. A well-deserved victory.

Thank you, Fulham!
Comment: Arsenal are a cursed team.
Comment: God bless you fulham
Comment: Thats clearly Steven Pienaar.
Comment: That was karmically so good. Gabriel blatantly and repeatedly shoving him. He squirts out, ball gets loose, bam, smashes it in.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Wait a second. Are Arsenal a bit quick with bottled mode?
Comment: Ffs! I was rooting for them to win it this season, fuckin bottlers!
Comment: Seeing Arteta losing fulfills my soul more than seeing United winning this season.

Comment: Romelu Lukaku? He's cheap. £35m
Comment: Balogun would have been an interesting one. Probably an immediate slight downgrade, with much more potential upside.
Comment: Balogun made sense, but it looks like he is gone to Monaco.

Lakaka is a possibility, but if I were coach I wouldn't get him.

I don't know the situation about him, but Mehdi Taremi could work for a season or two.

Iheanacho would be the cheapest I guess, but is he good enough ? I don't think so.

Also u can always gamble on Moise Kean.
Comment: Haaland would do a good job.
Comment: I thought they signed jimenez already?
Comment: I don‘t think they are able to find another player who‘s an equally huge idiot
Comment: Saw they were potentially in for Zapata from Atalanta. 

You’d have to assume he’s very much like for like in terms of size/physicality. Could see that being the best situation for them given the time remaining.
Comment: Divock Origi
Comment: Eddie nketiah
Comment: We can mock Lukaku but he would totally have a resurgence at Fulham.
Comment: Well I know his is out for some time, but Ivan Toney is valued at €35mio.
Comment: Heard they were interested in Gift Orban from Gent. Incredible player at a really young age who I'd love to go to Fulham if he didn't come to Spurs.
Comment: Wouldn't be against Moussa Marega or Mehdi Taremi
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Jonathan David
Comment: Dk Vinicius impressed me a little with a run of games when mitro wasn’t available but if you want to go into the market as others have said balogun or one of orban (dk how much he’d cost) or taremi he’s affordable and is some finisher
Comment: Well Lukaku is probably the most undervalued striker in the market at the moment due to his shenanigans, but he’s also a donkey.
Comment: Lukaku or maybe douvikas from Utrecht
Comment: jamie tartt?
Comment: Harry Maguire

Comment: Fast forward 1 year - Fulham have been relegated to the Championship after losing 3-0 to Aston Villa at a dejected Craven Cottage. It will be Fulham's third spell in the Championship in the last five seasons.
Comment: Death, taxes, and Fulham bouncing back and forth between the Premier League and Championship every other year
Comment: And our holiday is over
Comment: Same 6/7 clubs going up and down every year (bar Brentford), the parachute payments system needs an overhaul.

Would be nice to see Luton or Notts Forest go up this year!
Comment: Craven Cottage is by far the funniest stadium name imo
Comment: Who needs congratulations when you get to see original content such as yoyonorwichseeyouin2yearswasteofspace5goalstriker. Get in!!
Comment: Fulham and Norwich:  I go up, I go down and I never stick around.
Comment: Whens the relegation party?
Comment: Congrats Fulham! Now just stay up…
Comment: Christ I hated grinding out wins against Fulham
Comment: Looking forwards to a feisty West London derby in the Prem with you boys. (West London is currently red, don't you know).
Comment: Can't wait for Fulham to sign a bunch of European journeymen on massive wages over the summer so we can listen to the pundits and sports writers saying that they are going to "do a Wolves and qualify for Europe" when in reality they will probably just go straight back down..
Comment: Not me saying how the tv money will make it so practically the same teams will always go back up, and being spot on after getting stick 😂
Comment: Can someone tell me how Mitrovic is as a player? Back in FIFA 14 I got him up to 94 in my Reading save and us Gooners really need a striker right now.
Comment: Im just excited for Fabio C to join Liverpool tbh
Comment: I've got to say that I love Craven Cottage. It's got a proper old school feel to it that's missing from most other stadia. 

Be great to see PL games there again after the summer.
Comment: Fulham signed Manor Salomon which is an interesting signing for them
Comment: Yo-Yo FC
Comment: Still waiting for Stoke City. Can Man City do it on a cold rainy night in Stoke

Comment: That’s Bernd Leno man what are you on about
Comment: How have you never heard of Bernd Leno before???
Comment: Leno is a great keeper
Comment: Deserved draw tbh, I’m not mad, thought Fulham were defensively unreal. And Bassey, what a performance he put in. Unfortunate for him to see red, but I think in the absence of Ream he stepped up. Thought we were a shambles, but pleased we found the gear in the last 20 minutes. Hopefully this teaches Arteta that tinkering for the sake of it is pointless.
Comment: Thor and Vegeta. I get Thor but where the hell did Vegeta came from? 😂
Comment: He's not some obscure kid picked up from lower league football.

He's a full German international
Comment: nah thats bait
Comment: He was ex Arsenal GK and trust me us Arsenal fans loved him (Him and Auba even saved us from embarrassment many times)
Comment: Anti niemi
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Dude he was a former arsenal goalie**
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Leno? He was Arsenal's goalkeeper for a few years before going to Fulham, hardly an unknown.

And don't be too heavy with the praise. The number of goalkeepers that we have made look unbeatable over the last 10 years is ridiculously long. Today was another "every shot straight at him" type of performance that flatters to deceive.

We even made Krul look world class on several occasions.
Comment: Yankee Doodle cunt speaking…
Comment: How exaggerated. He made a couple of normal saves, nothing special at all.
Comment: Leno still fucking over Arsenal I see
Comment: [deleted]

Comment: I say this on every thread but I’d just go to a championship (level below prem) game, the experience is more authentic, you should be able to get tickets easier and they’re cheaper. I’d recommend QPR, traditional old style london ground.
Comment: Fulham/Craven Cottage is a lovely ground and a really nice experience so I'd go for that if you have the choice but the West Ham game will probably be easier to get tickets too. 

Also Selhurst Park is pretty easy to get to from central. The area around the stadium ain't great but Crystal Palace area is lovely too.
Comment: Craven Cottage is a beautiful stadium. 

You won’t have problems getting a ticket, but don’t use a 3rd party, but directly from the club.

As others have suggested, don’t limit yourself just to the Premier League, look at Championship, League One, and League Two fixtures (and below) for that time frame.
Comment: My perspective for Fulham , my uncles are fans and i used to go with them as a boy, its a very civilised ground and fan base to go and watch, its right next to the thames too! 
Not been to see west ham so i cant comment but west ham Newcastle does sound the better game, but i think you’d get a better footballing experience at craven cottage.
Comment: Fulham, no bias at all
Comment: West Ham is the worst match day experience I have ever had. Terrible walk to the stadium, even worse on the way out (kettled by stewards all the way back to the station, took an hour at least), poor sight lines and terrible atmosphere in the stadium. I won’t be going back.
Comment: As of now, Fulham has two Americans playing, and playing pretty well- Antonee Robinson and Tim Ream.  Fulham seems to be the one PL team whose fan base doesn’t hate its own American players. 

However, we’re in the transfer portal so who knows who will be where in a couple months. 

It’s rumored that West Ham might acquire Tyler Adams (also American) from Leeds.  So that may be something to watch for.
Comment: American here…
Comment: I'd pick Fulham.

West Ham's ground is very much like most other stadiums. Nothing too special about it.

Fulham's ground is a million years old and it's build out of wood, mud and the leftover plinths from Stonehenge.
Comment: Personally I would go for halfham
Comment: If you’re American surely you should want to visit the home of Richmond FC and watch a game at Selhurst Park?
Comment: Fulham and Palace would be your best bets.

Whilst Selhurst Park's surrounding area is not much of an issue these days, you aren't going to beat Fulham / Chelsea's surrounding areas. You could even walk from Craven Cottage to Stamford Bridge if you wanted a bit of a day of it.

If you are a big Ted Lasso fan, go to Selhurst Park.

West Ham is a big stadium, but as others have said, it's not got that "small ground" feeling, where you are close to the action and feel like you are on the pitch with the players.
Comment: Go to a fullham match. The stadium is crazy packed in and there’s lots of good seats
Comment: I’ve been to both, and would choose Fulham 100 times out of 100, even if on paper it’s the “lesser” game. Love the walk from Putney Bridge station down through the park to The Cottage. Should be easy enough to get tickets as well. 

West Ham is in the bottom handful of grounds I’ve visited. Horrible views because the stadium was designed for a totally different sport, subjected to the most invasive security search of my life to get in, and once you leave it’s a long, miserable, roundabout walk back to Stratford because of the crowd control measures. 

Palace isn’t terrible to get to from Central London, but may be challenging to get tickets. I went as a neutral once and very much enjoyed the atmosphere in the Holmesdale Road. Arguably the worst away end in England though.
Comment: Out of them I'd go West Ham v Newcastle - will be a better game, the West Ham stadium is in the 2012 Olympic Park.

Fulhams ground is very old but Fulham v Sheffield United on paper is pretty boring.

Comment: How do you know they all travelled? Can't there be 5.5k Leeds fans that live in or near London?
Comment: Any excuse to get out of Leeds for the day is good isn't it!
Comment: Attendance was 11299, so Leeds fans were almost half the crowd.

Barely heard a thing out of the home fans, only a few little cheers when they scored their penalties.
Comment: Lmao all I heard during the game was 'We all love Leeds' chants. Really didn't feel like Fulham were at home. Amazing!
Comment: yeah you gotta love it
Comment: It was actually a pretty good game, plus we got to see some of our best youngsters who wouldn’t normally get a game in the PL
Comment: Is that enough to fill up Etihad though?
Comment: I t hink our lot (Liverpool) made a good effort at being up there for best away fans last night, Carrow Road sounded like Anfield last night.
Comment: Now THAT is a fanbase...
Comment: Ima neutral but that pale purple kit on Sunday was really something lovely to watch. Go Leeds
Comment: As a Canadian, it's weird to think that 3hr 48mins trip is cross country. That doesn't even get you from Toronto to Ottawa. I'm sure some probably took the train which is 2h 16mins, though.
Comment: is Leeds United a bigger club than Manchester City in terms of supporter base and heritage?
Comment: Approx. 3hr 48mins. 

But who’s counting
Comment: Bet Pep wouldn't mind somet like that  for man City
Comment: We all hate Leeds scum but they’ve got great fans.
Comment: Standard
Comment: I am a Manchester United fan, but I stayed at the Leeds game just because of how fantastic the Leeds support was
Comment: A lot of premier league teams fill away ends in the opposite end of the country, it’s not that impressive. I’m a West Ham fan, we always fill any away end up north including Newcastle, likewise the northern teams when they come to our stadium always fill the away end.
Comment: United still have the best away fans in the country but fair play to Leeds.

Edit: lots of hurt Leeds fans I see. It’s okay, the truth can hurt.
Comment: Just coz leeds have loads of fans dont stop them being c**ts

