Comment: Luck is when opportunity meets preparation!
Comment: 70% possession...22 shots, not really lucky.
Comment: This was regularly said about Ferguson’s Utd, too. His response was something like “Of course, and the harder we work the luckier we get”…
Comment: If you relentlessly press teams, they’re going to make mistakes, that’s not luck
Comment: The main goal of gegenpressing is to force opponents to make mistakes.

Some might say they were lucky scoring in 98th min. Some might say they were unlucky they haven't scored in 97 mins
Comment: I always think late winners are a sign of mental fortitude. Fair play to them. 

Ngl I was/am gutted but what they have done in the  last four games with stretched resources is an insane achievement by Klopp and his team
Comment: They’re so lucky that half the first team is injured.
Comment: No one wins the league without a bit of luck.
Comment: Luck is part of every sport, and they still had to take advantage of the opportunity that came their way.

There's a saying: "Luck is when opportunity meets hard work." That's what's happening here.
Comment: Sometimes you get lucky, sometimes you’re not. We were 10 mm off of an invincible centurion season + UCL. 10 minutes away and the best GK performance from the quadruple. What goes around comes around, so hopefully we’ll get the good side of it til at least the end of the season.
Comment: Forest had two players booked for time wasting. Why is it a surprise that there's extra injury time
Comment: Basic logic should tell you that if there's a consistent pattern of incidents with Liverpool being the common denominator, it's extremely likely there's a specific mechanism causing the pattern to occur - rather than random chance producing the same improbable outcomes again and again.

Tl;dr: Liverpool play in a way that increases the odds of the kinds of incidents you're referring to; it isn't "luck" in any meaningful sense of the word.
Comment: 70 to 30 possession

22 shots to 8

would have been "unlucky" not to win...
Comment: Never ending Injuries and countless number of hitting the post. Nunez is going for an all time record

So, no
Comment: Are we lucky we won today? Very. But that’s only because we went all the way until the final whistle. So many other teams would pack it in for the draw, but Klopps teams always find a way at the death. It’s part of the reason he’s loved across football and not just with us LFC fans.
Comment: No, at least not in a blind sort of way. They don't give up. They wear the other team down. Being a step faster at the end of the game is what great teams do. As an Arsenal fan I'd appreciate if it wasn't so, but much respect to Klopp for the culture he's built.
Comment: Luck is one or two occurrences.  When it's a pattern, you just fail to see the cause.
So what can you be missing?
The team controls the ball and makes the other team tired especially late in games. The players never stop trying. The players are more talented than the other teams in most cases. The coach is a positive leader so there is no suffocating fear of failure. The team had some amazing results history so the players actually believe in their abilities to turn a game around. The profile of the players they sign is of a hard working good chemistry types. The fans are dedicated and stand behind the players even moreso when they struggle as long as they give it their best.
Comment: Plagiarised with injuries lmao. Not the right use of that word bro
Comment: I hate there term “luck” and wish there was a better term but if you keep the pressure on it leads to mistakes and Liverpool apply constant pressure
Comment: I'd agree there is an element of luck but I think to go on any title challenge you always need some. I think what sets Liverpool apart is that they keep going to the last second when other teams are tiring.

Playing right to the end has allowed a number of late goals which could determine the title. It's hard to blame Liverpool for the other teams missing.

Comment: Players are never rewarded for staying On their feet. 

This is a culture of the refs own making
Comment: I’m a Liverpool fan but I thought that was a pretty absurd penalty. No idea why jota went to ground looked like he could’ve still got the goal. Did he bet on Salah scoring two? Did he bet on a 3-2 score line? Does he just hate scoring goals? Is he gonna do a Tonali? This is genuinely perplexing
Comment: yeah i support Liverpool but i'd be fucking livid if that was given against us.

no idea why he didn't just carry on an pass it into the net...what a weird penalty
Comment: I’m not sure I agree with the general outrage personally. Dubravka landed on his ankle with his elbow - anyone else think their running with be impacted by a 6ft bloke landing on their ankle? Maybe just me as a biased Liverpool fan though
Comment: Atrocious call by Taylor yet again. What's the point of VAR if it doesn't overturn horrible on-field decisions?
Comment: I'm torn on this one.

I  hate that players have to go down to get a penalty as it encourages diving.

I think it was a foul as the keepers contact makes him stumble and makes the chance worse.

I don't think the contact made him go over.

I think, I think it was a penalty but also a dive.
Comment: If the ref hadn't given it VAR wouldn't have over turned it, and I would have been fine with that.

However you could argue that a keeper making contact with a strikers feet with his hands is an infraction worthy of a pen.
Comment: Soft. But there was contact. Enough to have slowed him a bit resulting in less of a chance to reach the ball. Looked weird but I think it was fair call
Comment: Works for me, salah is my captain in fpl. But yeah, what was jota doing, clear goal but dives instead. He should've been booked
Comment: Contact = pen it’s starting to seem same as the way handballs are going
Comment: Am I going crazy because every days that jota took extra steps when if you watch the replay he goes down the next next time the foot that is clipped hits the floor which is fairly common. He doesn’t take 3 or 4 or go down ages after like everyone’s claiming ones just far away because of the speed he’s going.

Argue that the contact wasn’t enough to go down all you want but why can’t people actually watch the replay instead of making things.
Comment: maybe i'm bias, but that for me is a penalty in rugby its called a tap tackle where you just tap the ankle and the momentum takes you down. Having seen even softer tackles get penalties such as   
[https://www.skysports.com/football/news/29327/11165951/jamie-carragher-everton-penalty-award-at-liverpool-was-correct-decision](https://www.skysports.com/football/news/29327/11165951/jamie-carragher-everton-penalty-award-at-liverpool-was-correct-decision)  


or the one that Newcastle got against wolves.    


The linesman today were fantastic, got every call correct, however the bald dick in the middle was horrendous
Comment: To me it seemed like Dubravka’s elbow hit Jota’s ankle. Honestly there’s no way Jota goes down there if there’s not a touch
Comment: One of the worst penalty decisions in recent times, and how VAR doesn’t overturn it is beyond me.
Comment: If you don't go down you don't get a pen...pretty much ever.

It's a soft one and id be unhappy if it was against my team. But until refs give pens for actual fouls when players don't go down it won't change.
Comment: The contact obviously threw off what Jota was planning on doing and that alone looked like it was enough to trip him up. Just looks like a dive in slow motion when it wasn’t
Comment: Theres the TINIEST bit of contact so I guess that justifies it not being overturned? I don't get it. I can only assume that refs have to memorize a rule book and aren't allowed to use any logic or judgement on the pitch and so it just 'is' because rules state 'any contact with a player who falls over is a penalty regardless of their ability to stay on their feet'. I can't think of any other reason...
Comment: Massive dive
Comment: He got hit by Dubravkas elbow to the foot. It wasnt enough to fall but Jota saw he isnt geting the ball and sold it.
Comment: You can’t make contact with your hands on a players legs and not expect a penalty to be given imo.

Comment: I admire Liverpool too. Winning trophies without cheating is admirable
Comment: Such lovely words, and there’s still so much hate in the comments.
Comment: Funny to me how many people bash Klopp or Pep as frauds or fakes, yada yada. These two appear to respect each other to the highest degree as does the entirety of the playing football world. I’ll never understand the vitriol. We witnessed and continue to witness two generational managers. Enjoy it.
Comment: I hate how people are always trying to discredit klopp and his achievements. It’s beyond disingenuous when ppl say things like “only 1 league title in 8 years” and people know it. It was the finest of margins that prevented him picking up more. He racked up more points than any Alex Ferguson team ever did. It’s just a shame he was up against a monster team like city. Or it would have been the klopp era of domination
Comment: Sometimes I'll start a sentence, and I don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way.
Comment: You can say that 115 times 
Comment: There will always be question marks over the authenticity of Pep's success at City. There will never be over Klopp's success with Liverpool. I would take that any day of the week.
Comment: “I admire Liverpool. Even though we cheat, they somehow stay on our heels. So we cheat a bit more and there still right there. Got to admire that” 

- Pep
Comment: Pep is a generational manager, Mourinho and Ferguson were generational managers too

These 3 had the biggest impact in terms of dragging the league to new heights

Wenger and Klopp were the best challengers, succeeding the most and most consistently throughout the years despite the strength of the respective team in Manchester

Yes there was Blackburn, Leicester, Ancelotti and other flashes throughout the "PL era", but those 5 created the strongest teams the competition has seen (Fergie did it twice) that has those 5 managers and teams clear of any other

The timing of those teams was either advantageous or disadvantageous depending on which you're talking about but it's irrelevant to the discussion of those 5 being the elite of the competition so far. It's easy to say "oh but Leicester got the same amount of titles as Klopp" but deep down I think if we all think clearly without any bias we know there's a stark difference there.

5 elites and the rest
Comment: well, Arsenal will be delighted to hear that they are not taken serious by Guardiola
Comment: Patronising cunt
Comment: oh shit, pep is complimenting them. that means he doesn’t even acknowledge them as title contenders anymore
Comment: Pep really living up to “the real treasure is the friends you make along the way” meme
Comment: he respects Jurgen as Liverpool competed well agaisnt the City team with basically unlimited funding.
Comment: Basically saying Arsenal is irrelevant
Comment: I couldn't give a shit about anything that comes out of this mans mouth.
Comment: Yep, the ole, talk up you rival who you have routinely beaten 

Age old boxing tactic
Comment: So you should. He did it without the backing of an oil state in the Middle East and systematically breaking FFP for a decade.
Comment: Pep next Liverpool manager confirmed from next season.
Comment: bro is playing mindgames, he knows if he speaks negatively it will motivate them so hes trying to stroke their egos, genius move

Comment: Darwin receiving a hard wake up call to where he’s come. He’s put a target on his back now. He’ll be getting this all season
Comment: This will be the study on Nunez that every manager will be showing their defenders.
Comment: Quality shithousery. Played Nunez perfectly and got the player sent off.
Comment: He tried to fully slap him before, lucky he missed or he would have been off even earlier.
Comment: Welcome to the Premier League mate
Comment: Could be worse - I’ve seen players been bitten for less
Comment: How I wish Rudiger was still in the prem 😂😂
Comment: Like a fiddle i tell ya
Comment: I play as a forward in my team.. Most weeks you have your direct opponent winding you up, it happens at every level.. Nunez will be no stranger to this and he lost this battle
Comment: Anderson was class against Arsenal as well last week, what a lad
Comment: Every defender in the league is doing this to Nunez now.
Comment: The way Andersen fell down is hilarious, like he'd been sniped on call of duty 😂😂😂
Comment: This isn't even teasing or shithousery. It's just a centre half constantly reminding his man he's right there. Clever defending. Andersen has played him like a fiddle and he's took the bite. Can't wait to see what romero does to that long lock of hair 🤣
Comment: Andersen doesn’t do anything wrong. Nunez is obviously used to using his size to bully defenders, and couldn’t handle being bullied himself. Can’t wait to see Romero vs this guy 😂
Comment: Andersen is brilliant and scary to play against. Great shithousery. Doesn't panic when pressed and those long passes.. He just finds forwards no matter what. :P
Comment: Ohh.. He has got 33 games in PL  of this waiting for him. He just put a big Bullseye on his back.
Comment: Best thing about this is the music too
Comment: Pretty funny how none of the Palace players even react to the headbutt. It makes the fall itself even funnier
Comment: cracking bit of shithousery
Comment: Darwin now let the league know he is easy to frustrate.   Welcome to the premier league my man.  It will be a very educational season for you.

Comment: "I am a normal guy that is living a not normal life, and I don't want to wait until I'm too old to enjoy a normal life" 😢
Comment: Klopp is one of the greatest of all time. The fact that he lost out on two league titles by a single point while competing against a nation state that was playing by different rules is unbelievably impressive. He went toe-to-toe with Pep for 5 years despite being at a disadvantage the whole time. Pep has the titles on paper, but Klopp has the respect.
Comment: Feel bad for Liverpool fans. Should have had 4/5 prem trophies under Klopp. Fuck cheaters!
Comment: Having Liverpool aside, this is such a loss for the premier league at large
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Utterly transformed Liverpool. He’s made me miserable but I have a lot of respect for the man.
Comment: Did a delivery in Liverpool today. It was like Diana had died again.
Comment: Klopp has been the best signing for Liverpool in the last decade. He has transformed the team, won cups; and he has again transformed the team. I was hoping he would stay one more season and see this new current Liverpool team play in the CL
Comment: As much as I hate to see him leave, I wish the better for him for everything he has done. I think it is surely better for him to leave. His body and face tell that the nine years have been challenging and have taken a toll on him. I wish him the best. YNWA Klopp.
Comment: One of the rare occasions where BREAKING isn't misleading.
Comment: He will take a year / 18 months out and then take a job in Germany
Comment: It sounds like he’s not even going elsewhere. He just wants to retire/sabbatical lol. He didn’t fully commit to retiring tho and I’d bet if Liverpool fall into trouble again after a season or 2 of rest that he’d come back in for a bit.

No matter where he goes, he said he would never manage another club in England. Fucking classy as fuck until the end.
Comment: To announce it now — WITH LIVERPOOL IN FIRST — the only thing that makes sense to me is he’s trying to galvanize the team/fanbase to finish the season and UCL strong, so they can all go out on top.

I do believe he’s burnt out. He left Dortmund for a similar reason. I think he’ll take a year or two off, and he’ll come back to coach a national team or he’ll end up at Barca/Madrid.
Comment: Some retro trophies for City cheating would be a sweet send off. He'll be missed.
Comment: Alonso is going to be hot property this summer
Comment: Big loss for the Premier League and Liverpool. I wish him well.
Comment: Now the Premier League is going to turn into the French and German leagues.
Comment: One of the world top coaches, great loss for the Premier League. I imagine Xabi Alonso has a lot of chances to be the next Liverpool’s coach.
Comment: As a lifetime Liverpool supporter, Klopp admirer and decimated fan, remember Reds…. Not not any player or manager, or owner is greater than the club itself

Truly shattered by this news, but life will go on, and our beloved team will persevere. You’ll Never Walk Alone.
Comment: Man, even as someone who doesn’t support Liverpool you can’t not acknowledge the energy he’s brought to the Premier League. It’s going to be a massive loss for sure but I’m glad he gets the peace of mind now. 

Comment: Fuck me he's back
Comment: I love this asshole lmao
Comment: This man has be belly-laughing once a month. 

I also love that Jose knows the amount of U16, U21, U23 injuries.
Comment: As Guardiola said once : Mourinho is the master of that (press conference) room.
Comment: When he starts the press conference with 'I sink' then you know it's gonna be a classic
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Peak jose🤣🤣
Comment: Jose is back. He makes a good point, to be fair. I would be very happy to have Liverpool's injury team.
Comment: Shakespearean almost.
Comment: 2004-2007/2013-2015 vibes are back
Comment: Tbf I'm a Liverpool fan,  but the prospect of a klopp vs mourinho title battle will be tv gold for everyone
Comment: Lool back on top talking trash again, let’s just hope Son and Kane don’t get injured so we can say hey Jose it’s only two players mate, you have another 9 😂
Comment: In 1976, no-one died,
In 1977, no-one died,
In 1978, no-one died,
In 1979, no-one died,
In 1980, someone died

https://youtu.be/ob1rYlCpOnM
Comment: Amazing. Would love to see a joint press conference with he and Klopp on opposite sides of the room going back and forth
Comment: [**I missed him.**](https://i.imgflip.com/4qgokx.jpg)
Comment: Reminded me of this clip about Shankly's team speak before playing ManU in 72. https://youtu.be/MK1hzUyLwVI?t=0m44s
Comment: 😂 what a guy!
Comment: He forgot about Thiago, Gomez, and Jota. But that's cool.
Comment: I've missed this Jose
Comment: He's such a troll it's amazing. Guy knows it's a bad crisis, he knows he's spouting bullshit, but he's all about the mind games. Mourniho is well and truly back.

Comment: For God sakes. If they can just ‘apologise’ after or not even and there’s no other consequences what the fucks the point of it. 

I’m an Arsenal fan - that result was GREAT for us but Jesus Christ mate standards are standards 

If they can’t manage this thing when I could genuinely pluck out some random redditors to do it then fuck it off.
Comment: We're going to see the exact same situation play out in another game in the next week and get given as a penalty, because that's what happens. And then to show no cycle is ever broken in English refereeing, a new, more exciting officiating fuck up is premiered the next week.
Comment: I had no stake in that match but that’s a penalty all day long.
Comment: It’s not a conspiracy against Liverpool but the referees are definitely being incentivised by City. This has been shown by the constant trips to the UAE. It’s essentially a conflict of interest.
Comment: Tottenham onside 
Odegard handball
Doku Dropkick

👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Comment: They get reffed differently. Based on the historical data Liverpool being awarded that would have been a massive anomaly.

They've had 2, yes 2, foul based pens given by VAR, in 180 games. They've never had VAR give a pen after 90 mins.

https://tomkinstimes.substack.com/p/analysing-patterns-in-800-premier?triedRedirect=true
Comment: Now if only there was a system in place where refs could review replays of incidents during the match to ensure that the correct decision is made....

I guess that's too much to ask.
Comment: See I thought that but now Clattenburg has said that I'm doubting myself.
Comment: Of course it was a penalty. When the ref is on the City payroll, he conveniently swallows his whistle.
Comment: We know
Comment: Another ‘good process’ VAR is killing it every game week
Comment: The refs have repeatedly endangered the players this season by offering zero consistency in their calls. 

This is the end result: players will stick a foot out studs up at chest height because there's very likely to be zero consequences for doing so.

If you're going to call Mac Allister's foul against Bournemouth a red, but not give Caicedo's tackle against Gravenberch or Caicedo's tackle against Endo in the league cup finals as fouls even, you've set a double standard that players cannot readily anticipate.

If you're going to avoid giving Mings a red after putting studs into Gakpo's chest, and not give Doku a foul for putting studs into Mac's chest, but give Jones a red for his foot coming up off the ball and ended with studs going into a shin, then players are still going to put in reckless, dangerous tackles because it's more likely than not going to give them an advantage.

The PGMOL are jeopardizing the health of the players, they're jeopardizing the legitimacy of the officiating, and they're jeopardizing the marketability of the league. It's simply a run away disaster that everyone is too cowardly to pull the brake on.
Comment: Since when is kicking someone in the ribs a penalty.  Like he was really close to the and everything!
Comment: It’s a penalty or we should make an offer for Jean Claude van Damme in the summer window. Otherwise psg will snap him up.

One or the other PGMOL
Comment: I'm a Derby fan so impartial. How the hell was that NOT a penalty????? Ref need demotinv to none league football. He's like 2 meters away from the challenge & looking straight at it!!!
Comment: We were not 1-0 up against spurs. It was 0-0. Spurs went a goal up two minutes later and we equalized just before half time. 

It completely changed the game and that’s ignoring the bullshit red card jones received. 

The Trent ‘foul’ would have been soft as fuck. Only Arsenal fans think that should be a penalty. Every single person acknowledges that odegaard handled the ball and it should be a pen. Being level 10 minutes early makes a difference. 

But I guess this and the Doku karate kick are cancelled out by… check notes… the ref making the wrong drop ball decision (we’ll ignore Yates karate kick attempt to not spoil the narrative). 

Oh and let’s not acknowledge the refereeing team in the city game was the same as the spurs one and the same that were paid by UAE to ref games there.
Comment: Instead of technology helping refs get things right. We have just given them more ways of getting things wrong.

The lack of consistency in decision-making and getting obvious decisions completely wrong is really damaging the game as a whole.
Comment: I think if Liverpool were already 2-1 and this pen wouldn’t affect the outcome then it would have been given. 

Too big a call to give it as the game stood and the moment got to Oliver and he played it safe.
Comment: Never seen a team get screwed by referee decisions like this year's Liverpool. All those unfair straight reds at the beginning of the yr, and now these blatant no calls vs Spurs, Arsenal & city. LFC should be up 6+ pts minimum, I'm not a conspiracy theorist but it seems like PGMOL don't want LFC to win a title
Comment: I'm a Liverpool fan, and I can see it's very unlikely it's a conspiracy against Liverpool, and rather a conspiracy FOR man city. It's not even a conspiracy at this point, it's literally public knowledge that the refs are paid by city.

Comment: If I don't see "Liverpool Slot in Replacement for Klopp" on the back pages, I'll be extremely disappointed.
Comment: Should slot right in
Comment: Klopps kids are now Slots tots.
Comment: Manchester United, City, Everton, Liverpool

Has the North West ever been so bald and so fraudulent?
Comment: Liverpool will now be known as the Slot machine.
Comment: I hope enjoys the 12.30 slot
Comment: No Slot shaming please.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Need more bald frauds in the league
Comment: Hopefully bald ref be more linient to us
Comment: I think he’ll Slot right in
Comment: Three 7-0 wins in a row next season.
Comment: Jurgen Slot
Comment: I think he'll Slot right in
Comment: He better be shite
Comment: He has some big shoes to fill... Would love to know what advice Klopp has for him. It will be lovely if he can be present for Liverpool's last game.
Comment: Dirty little Slot
Comment: He’ll slot right in to any team
Comment: I'm not a Liverpool fan, but this just doesn't excite me. When they got Klopp, you could tell they were getting someone very special. I just don't feel the same at all about Slot.

It feels like a stop gap, or just the best of a bad bunch.

Curious to hear what Liverpool fans think.
Comment: Another Bald Fraud in the Prem!!!! (/j)

Comment: If jones had done this to Ronaldo imagine the reaction
Comment: Still unsure how that’s not a red for violent misconduct
Comment: Even the original tackle was rough. That’s a yellow just by itself
Comment: Not hating the guy but why did Bruno feel like there is a need to pushing on VVD lol
Comment: Genuinely speaking , it was a red card.
Comment: Pathetic
Comment: Sissy move by cr7 - defi red
Comment: See Virg and Konate are scary but Robbo is the one who would kill you
Comment: Anthony Taylor tried his damn best not to send off his favourite players, as per usual. Two footed challenge was enough this time apparently. Michy is still confused.
Comment: And that’s why people dive, i recon is cj rolled around for a few seconds it would’ve been red
Comment: Sincerely speaking, if Jones had rolled on the ground holding his rib, the red would have considered the red right off the bat. All these issues stem from the player being punished for not going to ground. It's also the reason why within a few years, Phil foden is gonna start going to ground more like Jack Grealish or Harry Kane, cause it's gonna be proven time and time again that he is gonna be punished for his integrity.
Comment: That’s an orange - Jose Mourinho
Comment: You mean the one that should have been a red!
Comment: im a united fan but ffs hes such a fucking baby
Comment: Even though I'm a biased Liverpool fan that's a red anyone else in the league would have got a red there
Comment: Imagine being such a cunt at 36 that you would make the decision to kick a teenager on the ground like that
Comment: Best part was the Salah goal like 30 seconds later.
Comment: Ronaldo had more shots on target on Curtis Jones than in goal.
Comment: If it was the other way around and Purple Nose was still their manager he probably would've said you can kill someone like that.
Comment: More United players should be running in there than Bruno to back-up Ronaldo. Just another situation where Liverpool acted more like a team than United.

Comment: He tried to remove the Uruguay ones too - but missed.
Comment: I think a lot of these football players should stop using social media.
Comment: The Watch LFC guy is a prick. I'm not on Twitter anymore, but he used to badmouth him and other players. I mean, he is a supporter, we all do that one point, but when you have a bunch of followers...

As for Darwin: he is in a very bad place now. Really bad. Huge money, lots of ups and downs, massive lack of confidence, a lot of pressure. He is so weird. Dude can score bangers, but at the same time can't score sitters. He is the main reasons why Liverpool are not in the race with City and Arsenal.

With that being said, it's painfully obvious he is a great player and that his terrible form and lack of confidence will pass. He has 31 goal contributions this season. You won't find many number 9s in the Prem with those numbers while missing ridiculous sitters. Just picture him scoring half those misses and you have a 40+ goals/assists striker.

Under a new manager, new tactics, new season, he will get better, I have no doubt about that. He needs a fresh start at Liverpool.
Comment: Something was clearly going on behind the curtains at LFC in the last few weeks that made the team loose composure (and it's not Kloppxit, that was announced months ago). I mean the whole team going from hero to zero so fast and all at once? There is something in the background we don't know.
Comment: I believe that 3rd screenshot is altered. Follow button doesn’t show up on a page if someone has blocked you
Comment: Obviously I never want to see Liverpool win anything, ever, but the way Liverpool's season has ended, the way Klopp's time has ended, that's legitimately so sad I can't even find it funny.

The man gave everything to that club. Dragged it from mediocrity to near-parity with peak City for a few seasons. He built the best side Liverpool have ever had.

And the players have failed him. On a personal level. I'm sure they didn't do it on purpose, but holy shit.

If you're Darwin Nunez and you're getting shown the sort of faith and support that Klopp showed him, you should be living on the training field in a fucking tent, spending every waking moment working on your finishing.

Did he do that? Did he fuck. Lazy piece of shit.

Anybody can run a couple of extra kilometres in the ninety minutes. A fucking dog can chase a ball for ninety minutes. Maybe learn how to Do Your Fucking Job, you absolute fucking fraud.

  
As I said, I don't wish nice things for Liverpool FC, but that dipshit stealing a wage just annoys me on a personal level. Klopp deserved better.
Comment: This abuse online is a joke knew their was a reason I got rid of social media not worth the hassle.
Comment: He's got all the tools to be a great striker, except composure in front of goal. If/when the game starts to slow down for him he'll be a 20+ goal striker, but there's little patience at a club that's challenging for the Prem.
Comment: As a united fan, he did not deserve the hate he's been receiving
Comment: Fraudwiñ Núñez going to Bayern Munich!?!?!
Comment: Can Barca afford the sort of fee that Liverpool would demand to let him go? I don’t think so at the moment
Comment: I really like Darwin. He's entertaining to watch and he's a good player when he's on. The only issue is when he has an off game, it's really off. But fans have sent him death threats over it. 

I'd want him to stay on the team, but I also don't fault him for mentally checking out when people are attacking him and his family. Hope he can be okay and that he doesn't face any more harassment.
Comment: He is getting paid and no one is coming to buy him for 80+. May as well focus on finishing and improving in general. He has not shown much resiliency and growth in two years. Hard worker but not a great forward as of today.
Fans gave him lots of love while he was underperforming as LFC fans do to help our players feel loved and motivated. He can't expect it all to be roses. And he can do whatever works for him once it becomes abusive. People can be shit and will be shit.


It's OK not to be on socials but he is a professional and should use some paid help to manage his socials because it's always both negative toxic and ego inflating. Neither one is good for any person long term.

The faster he figures it out, the better chance he has in succeeding. LFC is good for good players. Some clubs are a disaster for them. The ones that ran away from LFC in the last nine years have mostly failed miserably.

Edit: meant to write chance but wrote change in the last paragraph.
Comment: He just needs a couple of afernoons with rushie.
Comment: Will love the weather in Barcelona
Comment: We all know by now?
Comment: He can sod off... No fanbase in football backs their players the way Liverpool fans do, we've backed him for two years and all of a sudden we criticise him and he deletes all posts? That's an ungrateful act if you ask me
Comment: Klopps final season in ruins, the only PL trophy he got was at an empty stadium during covid, legitimately cannot make this up!
Comment: Getting paid, comes with criticism if you don’t perform on this stage. That said, people are brutal and cowards when it comes to online comments.

Good for him for stepping away from the bullshit. Focus on your finishing and not your branding. I’m sure he’ll have an opportunity to prove himself in training with the new management. 

That said, I don’t think he’s it. It’s the decision making and lack of a first touch 🤷🏼‍♂️. If Jota was healthy(lol), I’d take him starting over Darwin without hesitation.
Comment: I would love to have  him in Newcastle

Comment: 30 years I've waited as a Liverpool fan. 6 points is all we needed and then this happens. Absolutely gutted.
Comment: It will be completely heartbreaking for us fans.
I’ve supported Liverpool since 1994 through all the terrible times and all the mocking, all the “their year” banter and now when it’s finally within our grasp it could be snatched away because of something totally out of everyone’s hands.
It would be nice to be handed the title even though it’s not a 100% guarantee we are going to win it but I think the general consensus amongst most football fans is we will win it and have wholeheartedly deserved to this year.
Oh well, let’s see what happens. There’s nothing else we can do now.
Comment: You have to say if Liverpool lose the title cause of corona virus it'll be heartbreaking to the fans and so unlucky. They've been waiting for a title for 30 years, and now something that's completely out of control may take what was a forgone conclusion away from them
Comment: Honestly just give the title to Liverpool and end the season here. You’re really gonna tell me that they wouldn’t pick up another 3-6 points over the rest of the season? Absurd. There are bigger things than sport affecting the world right now.
Comment: I think the issue is, they can’t just say that’s that and declare Liverpool champions because in doing that, they would have to declare the bottom 3 relegated. 

The suspension lasts up to April 3rd but it’s genuinely wishful thinking to think football will resume then. The outbreak is only going to get worse for the next few weeks so I think it’s a stretch to say things will be far better come April. 

I just can’t see how they can resolve it. People are saying the games will be played in the summer but the majority of teams would have to agree to that and the PFA would want to protect their players. Postponing the start of next season would just have a lot of knock-on effects as well. 

It would be desperately unfair for Liverpool if they don’t end up winning the PL this year. Can you imagine the fallout from declaring the season void? It’s going to be interesting as no matter what happens, the outcome isn’t going to be ideal for every club.
Comment: Never thought I’d say this but there’s not been many teams as deserving to win the title as this years Liverpool - fingers crossed they can manage to finish the season off
Comment: I have absolutely no clue how I'm supposed to be reading this title
Comment: I’ve been a Liverpool fan since I was five years old (2005) and I’ve suffered ups and downs, from Fernando Torres and Gerrard back down to Rickie Lambert and Glen Johnson. The Roy Hodgson era felt like the end of us as a big club. Then we had the classic slip of the title in 2014, the first big “oof”. Surely next time we’re running away with it, we will win it. Nah, introducing last season coming second with 97 points. I swear down it’s so typical and feels inevitable that we won’t win the league this season. It’s almost like we are cursed if a bloody virus prevents us from winning the league this season.
Comment: Damn, people would rather the entire season ended than see The Reds lift it. Sort your priorities out. Do you not want to watch your team? Just for the the banter?
Comment: F's in the chat bois
Comment: Bottom three saved from relegation? Asking for Villa friend.
Comment: Fucking lol
Comment: They should just finish what they started, no matter how long it takes. If it collides with the start of next season then make changes to the new season!
Full league, but only 1 match vs each other team, making the season half as long.
Where’s the point in cancelling the league just to start a new one right away?
Comment: well the problem is that City doesn't have the same amount of matches played... if they did,  I would be certain that they say the results after round 29 counts as the final
Comment: Please, this is not /r/soccer.
Comment: I would love it if Liverpool didn’t win the league because of Coronavirus
Comment: 😂😂😂
Comment: The scenes when Prem is declared void and the current champions get the trophy

Comment: Trust me. It's actually better it ends now. It's worse on MatchDay 38 when you win the final game and still lose to City by 1 point. It has happened to us twice.
Comment: Ah yes, welcome my brethren, welcome at last, to the long, arduous, seasonal walk along the boulevard of dissipating dreams, where aspirations of young joyous days past, turn into prowling nightmares as you watch aghast. 

At least, you won’t walk alone lol.
Comment: "the resolve of Liverpool fans" Your team is winning week-in, week-out. How is that exhausting? Burnley have 4 wins all season and lose by 3+ constantly. Hell, even though Spurs choke 24/7, it's not "exhausting".
Comment: Wow the OP must be young.
Comment: As a Liverpool fan I say it's over. Obviously we can still win it, but I've been here too times, been hurt too many times, to think otherwise. City have their noses in front now. They're winning it from here. 

This year Arsenal have drawn once and lost once. The draw was against City. And just like that City have overtaken them. That's what it's like competing against Pep's City. One slip up and it's gone.
Comment: Shit like this is why the American fans who are newcomers to this sport get shit on and it's deserved. 

With that being said, it must be really hard to support one of the handful of clubs who are financially dominant over the league structure. Arsenal, Liverpool and United flairs on here acting like they've known nothing but pain and suffering for decades. 

If you've never witnessed relegation, possible administration, or a club going to actual free fall: Then you don't really know what pain is like as a football supporter.  Add in the fact that most American fans arbitrarily choose one of the juggernauts of the league it's a fucking joke lol. 

Honestly "Sunderland till I Die" should be required viewing for people so they can have some perspective on the way the football pyramid works and what hardship for a football club actually looks like, not just missing out on the title a few times.
Comment: You'll get used to it. I take heart in something Klopp is always saying and that most important thing is to enjoy the ride. No team has a divine right to win anything. Some great clubs and players barely ever win anything in their lifetime. Football is unbelievably toxic now as well in terms of reaction to results but real fans know that coming up against a juggernaut like City means the deck is stacked against you.
Comment: Even though I’ve seen us win it all I’ve also seen 

3 UCL final losses, 
3 PL title losses on the final day, 
1 fa cup final loss, 
1 league cup final loss, 
1 Europa league final loss. 

The last day of the 21/22 season is probably one of the worst days of my life
Comment: They’ve won every major trophy under Klopp and competed at the top level just about every season. That’s better than what 99% of other clubs have to deal with.
Comment: You’ve never faced hardship and it shows. A slight dink in the title race armour and you’re like this? Liverpool don’t have resolve, it’s the lads who support clubs like Bury that have resolve.

I beg Arsenal get relegated some time soon, or any club with people who get like this, because god knows there’s be less lads lining up every week than show up to Dean Court if this is the mindset you lot have.
Comment: Love how Arsenal weren't really title contenders last season. Despite leading the table for the majority of the season.
Comment: I hope many can understand, people can complain all they want, but the truth is that City is a well scouted, well drilled and well trained team full of world class talent. KDB is arguably one of the best players in Premiership history, Silva and Rodri are also world class. Julián is a future mega striker; Haaland is still young and can improve his game to monstrous levels. Foden is also turning world class in front of our very eyes and Pep is an elite, probably one of the best managers in football history. You can have all the money in the world like PSG or Chelsea, but it doesn’t mean a thing if you don’t know how to assemble and coach a team, and City did it.
Comment: Every week has felt like a cup final for years minus the odd year or two we’ve been off the pace. I’m 42 but look like I’m 72. Thanks Liverpool!
Comment: It happens. We’ve won everything under Klopp, going out this way is tough but I think we’ve overachieved this season because I believe we were aiming for 4th, just for CL qualifying. We had a whole new midfield, our captain left and we had just come off one of the worst seasons in recent memory. To win the Carabao, get to the latter stages of the Europa League (still not over) and challenge for the PL right to the last few weeks, it’s a testament to Jurgen and the boys with all of the injuries they’ve had and the decisions that have gone against us. On to Atalanta, we go!
Comment: If City wasn’t “Trumped” up with FFP charges and getting no comeuppance, it would be different, and I could appreciate their dominance.
Comment: Jesus Christ. Imagine being a fan of a team like Palace. never challenging for Europe, but only ever flirting with relegation... I bet they would KILL to feel SOMETHING akin to what you felt. Just to be able to have a sniff of something important.
Comment: I'd like to know the mental gymnastics that went into saying you weren't in a title race last year. All season Arsenal looked like the best team in the league and dropped off at the end. You were in a title challenge all season
Comment: Just enjoy the victories when they come but don’t
get your hopes up when it comes to titles. City are far superior to the rest. They are the best team in the world. They’ll get away with the charges beyond fines and maybe at worst a token points deduction so nothing will change for the foreseeable future. 

Klopp’s achievement in winning the league can’t be underestimated.
Comment: Oh fucking boo hoo
Comment: We've not done well the last 3 games, and that's fucked us up.

When you do that, you don't deserve to win the league

Comment: If you zoom out and assess the season as a whole, sure it’s easy to see how Caraboa and top 4 is a good season for Liverpool. But the sudden and dramatic way the wheels just fell off means this season won’t be remembered for Liverpool overperforming but rather for collapsing in such a spectacular way.
Comment: The way I see it. At the start of the season if you had offered any level minded Liverpool fan the carabao cup and top 4. They would have most likely have took it. 

So In terms of last season vs this season. Then Carragher is right. 

However. The wheels well and truly fell off. A lot of players should be looking in the mirror and thinking about wtf they were playing at. 

Ergo before the UTD cup match you would have been laughed at for suggesting a cup and top 4 is a good season. 

Now. It’s a good season 😂

Also Nunez is for sale. Takers?
Comment: One teams overachievement is another teams bottling, apparently.

Guess it just depends who you played for.
Comment: This is just objectively true though? No one expected Liverpool to compete with City and Arsenal this season, many thought they’d be in a battle for top 4. Doesn’t change the fact that we could’ve and should’ve done better the last few weeks, but taking the season as a whole, being in a title race until the last few games of the season and winning a cup is better than most expected for Liverpool.
Comment: I mean if you want to take in everyone’s preseason predictions they have clearly over preformed.
Comment: They've had 96 attempts on goal in the last 5 games and have scored 3 from open play. 

They were all over Man City in the game last month but squandered chance after chance. 

The underperformance is from the lads up front.
Comment: As a Liverpool fan if you had offered me top 4, the League Cup trophy, FA Cup quarter finals and Europa League quarter finals I'd only have been unhappy with the Europa League. 

If you had then told me we would do that with Trent, Robertson, Allisson, Salah and Jota missing significant chunks of the season then I would have laughed at you.

Yes, the last few weeks have been very disappointing but overall it was a successful season.
Comment: It’s funny to watch rivals who have been saying we’re over-performing and unsustainable literally all season suddenly change their mind about that and pretend they always expected us to win everything all the time. We’re elite or crap depending on what you need us to be at any given time
Comment: But, Liverpool have overperformed. Where's the bias?
Comment: I know he can’t cuss on TV but let’s be honest, he should’ve just said “they’ve been shit since that FA cup loss.” We have been doing one of the slowest build ups that we’ve done in years and when we did get through, we either miss completely or shoot right at the goalie. There were times where we seemed scared to shoot too
Comment: They absolutely have
Comment: He's right though. Our comebacks have hidden our poor performances. The fact we keep going behind in games and then having to work harder to win, it's finally caught up with us because nobody has the legs. We've completely imploded.

Considering what we did last season, this is a big improvement, but the way we're playing we might not even get top 4 (we probably will but it's not certain). Salah off form and nobody else can score so we have to rely on Jota who gets injured when someone looks at him.

Klopp is also very clearly done and in need of a break.
Comment: Liverpool over performed a few months ago, when they had all those injuries. But they kept themselves in the title race. Senior players came back and let them down.
Comment: Can we stop calling them pundits, please? They're decorated veteran players. When it comes to analysis, they're glorified commentators with a heavy bias at best. If they had any actual wisdom, they'd be managing a team.
Comment: I don't normally agree with anything he says but I felt the same about Liverpool. They were inconsistent this year. I
Comment: At the risk of sounding like a condescending idiot, I expected Liverpool to fall off way sooner than they actually did. What Klopp did with this team is truly amazing and some of the players like McAllister, Bradley, Endo, etc stepped up in a big way.
Comment: Ah yes, Liverpool have over performed but if Arsenal don’t win the league they have bottled it 👏
Comment: Stuff can be two things. 

If you were to say third and a trophy at the start of the season, I’d have snapped it up.

But we were in a fantastic position, out-performed everything that was expected… and then we dropped off massively. That, coupled with the best Liverpool manager in my living memory announcing he’s leaving, has made it very disappointing.
Comment: It's true FFS. 

We weren't even favorites to get in the top 4 this year at the start of the season.  We've massively over-performed out season expectations.

Does that mean we haven't underperformed in the last month?  Of course not, but what Carra says here is correct.
Comment: Salah is over the hill, his best is behind him. Nunez is not a true #9 & couldn’t hit water if he fell out of a boat at this moment in time. Diaz has been the brightest of Liverpools attackers by far, especially in terms of effort and threat going forward but he is not a goal scoring machine by any stretch of the imagination. Where I think they are truly outclassed by teams like man city or arsenal  is in the center of the field. You cannot compare players like Endo, Curtis jones, out of form szoboszlai, & Harvey Elliot to the likes of De Bruyne, Rodri, Bernardo Silva, Declan, Odegaard. What Liverpool has at center mid is good, not great. ( aside from maybe Mac allister ) what arsenal and man city have in that position is absolutely world class. That is the difference that not everyone is seeing.

Comment: If Nunez ever turns into a deadly finisher whilst at Liverpool the rest of you may forget about challenging us for a while lol.

Such a frustrating player as much as I love him.
Comment: Dubravka had a worldy of a game. Honestly I'm so frustrated with Nunez but I completely understand why klopp won't drop him, if he gets a slight increase in conversion rate, we will be scoring so many goals. I think if Dubravka had a slightly worse game, it would have been 7+ goals with Nunez getting a hatrick
Comment: As a United fan I desperately hope Nuñez doesn't come good(for everyone except Liverpool's sake). He could score so many fucking goals; he looks close to being a ridiculous striker
Comment: Finished at 7.27. As much as it highlights attacking threat it also shows a lack of teeth at the end of those attacks. Feel like Klopp will be praising half the team and chewing out the other half.
Comment: It ended with 7.2 as per the Sky commentator. If only Nunez could finish...
Comment: Isak showing Nunez exactly how a striker is meant to finish. Imagine him at the end of all those chances we created
Comment: Newcastle attacked twice and scored twice.  That’s the stat that we should worry about.
Comment: Even as an Arsenal fan, i hope Nunez becomes a top-finisher because what this guy does to create chances is amazing, only needs to finish them aswell and when he learns that he will become deadly
Comment: It's more than the record for combined xG in a game.
Comment: They did get 0.8 from a dive tbf
Comment: if only we had an attacker other than Salah who'd regularly score
Comment: According to FotMob Darwin alone had 1.7; Salah's pens (1.6) + his other goal (0.9) are 2.5; Curtis's goal was 0.97, he had 1.4 for the whole game. Gakpo's goal and Trent's missed attempt after the first pen of salah are 0.5 each. Only from goals and some of the biggest missed chances liverpool had 6.6 xG. Really impressive even though they had 34 shots and 5 big chances missed
Comment: That's insane. Imagine if you guys had someone like Son, who consistently outperforms his xG...
Comment: xG is the most pointless stat out there.
Comment: These expected goal stats are all shite. Didn't mean too much against a woeful Man Utd or Luton. Why even talk about it? Only the ball in the net matters. You gotta be in your 20s or a dopey teenager.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I dont understand xG. We already saw some games with 9-0 (Leicester i think?) but how do those games not having more xG? They are literally real goals
Comment: Just like everyone here --- NUNEZ, we want you to convert. Then we can be the best attacking team in the PL.
Comment: Hey dude it’s 7.27 the record
Comment: Is there a trophy for this? They can put it next to the "most points for a second placed team ever" trophy and the "lowest net spend" trophy.

Comment: Just release the audio, would be interesting to hear it and it's the least PGMOL can do at this point
Comment: Football tribalism is fucking wild. Feels like everyone should be backing Liverpool's call for clear transparency and better standard of officiating as it'd benefit the whole league but "Liverpool bad" I guess for some folk who'd prefer PGMOL to continue to be abject if it means dunking on a team they don't like.

It's not like they've asked for points or a replay.
Comment: They need to change the language they use in these situations then. If the phrase “check complete” means to go with the on field decision, that phrase should be removed entirely and instead replaced with the correct call. Instead of saying check complete, it should be something as simple as “the goal is onside and should be given” it’s not rocket science it’s called effective communication. 

I will say I think it’s important that players do not get into the referees ear during these situations, which obviously they are trying to implement. I was shocked at how much the on field official was dealing with when I watched the VAR audio breakdown with Howard Webb. I would have a hard time listening to the people in my ear if I’m constantly trying to tell players to back up and that a check is ongoing. It was an ADHD nightmare.
Comment: OK they made a mistake, we're all human. However it was obvious straight away by the VAR officials that the wrong communication had been given. Why wasn't this corrected? Even within two or three minutes, maybe five at a push, this would have righted a wrong, not perfect obviously, but better than the shit show we've been given
Comment: What’s funny is everyone blaming spurs for this like spurs messed up.
Comment: It was obvious from a previous recording release that the Comms are far too chaotic. It's ridiculous that in such a money rich league the Comms between the refs is up there with a 90s call of duty lobby.  It should be one designated speaker at a time on the VAR side and a single person communicating with the ref. Comms should be 'read back'. For example Ref: "Can VAR check for offside" VAR: "Understood, Checking for offside"
Comment: Not a big rugby fan, but they have their refs mic'd up so people can hear exactly how they've come to their decision, football needs this, or the refs should take post match interviews to explain themselves, would be interesting to hear some of their explanations
Comment: I am very surprised half this thread is complaining about entitled Liverpool supporters even though this benefits us all. Anyone who rather complains about supporters "crying" rather than backing this course of action are supporting the shit calls from PGMOL.
Comment: This is giving big “as per my previous email” vibes
Comment: The truth is the only viable solution is real accountability for officials. Redistribution of points based on the retrospective awarding of the goal has to many what if’s. Plus a replay would set the precedent for teams like Wolves to demand a replay, which given the schedule isn’t possible
Comment: The exact same post was in the spurs sub, and jesus they’re having a feast over there. Acting like Liverpool is entitled and insane for coming out with this, even mocking by questioning Matip’s “human error”. 

Spurs fans acting like they won the fucking title with how they’ve reacted towards all this
Comment: PGMOL in shambles
Comment: If miscommunication is problem then have different sets of language then. 

How hard is it for VAR room to spell it out. 

"That is ( or is not) a foul/ penalty/ offside" and "Please come to the screen to watch the replay" 

Tf does "check complete" to even mean? Why do they leave rooms of human interpretation??
Comment: Honestly seeing the response from Topspur fans over on r/coys is very embarrassing. This is their trophy I guess so they can gloat about it. Karma comes around
Comment: This is good for Liverpool, losing against a team with 2 extra players. This will give a siege mentality, I see this as an absolute win.
Comment: People on this thread are dense. Comparing this to whining. I mean if it's happened with your club they should have released a statement as well. Liverpool aren't seeking game replay or points just some integrity to the game. This benefits all the teams in the league. The fight is against the refs and not spurs.
Comment: The tribalism around this is a bit mad.  This has happened to every team in the league at one point, maybe not as extreme as this instance (i.e. apparently pure incompetence), but this is not a Liverpool issue.

An entire review needs to happen including Howard Webb’s position, because the quality of refereeing in this league is by far the worst I have ever seen it (watching PL for 30 years).  The buck has to fall somewhere and if standards have been slipping since Webb’s appointment (they have), then he needs to go.

I’d love to see answers as to why the automated offsides was not implemented by premier league last summer.  What was their thought process here and the reasoning given?

If general refereeing standards have been falling (they have), what is being done to rectify it?  If they have no issue with the technology & are attributing mistakes to human error, how is that human error being worked on?  Just a, “whoopsie lol, we’ll
do better next week” is not good enough when there is one of these every single weekend.
Comment: Even if you factor in human error…

Then why didn’t they just call back down and make the correction: Instead they intentionally let the game go forward knowing it was wrong.

Couple with red card which was given on a clearly unintentional foul… also from the VAR booth. 

brings me back to what I really think is going on the VAR official just doesn’t like Liverpool and it showed.
Comment: Can we boycott until the refs have an overhaul? This keeps happening year after year and nothing changes
Comment: I’m a life long Tottenham fan and even I thought the VAR decisions were wrong. Of course it’s possible they had a better angle we don’t see but I’d like to hear what the officials have to say and why they made the decisions they did…. Coz I don’t get it.

Comment: Absolute best of luck to him.
Comment: Fantastic signing for Liverpool this.
Comment: £35m is a crazy good price in todays market, hope he performs for us.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Op why are you getting downvoted
Comment: Very good signing for the money, plus we don't have to hear the rumours anymore now. Not even a rivalry thing, but I've had so many tweets about it show up 😅
Comment: Monster signing for Liverpool. Takes pressure off the forwards to create chances. Routinely has games with 5+ ball recoveries, and only for 35 million? If Liverpool add two more midfielders and some cover for that right back spot, they will challenge City for the title next year. Only club anywhere close to City in terms of being capable to challenge for the title.
Comment: If Liverpool do indeed sign all 3 of our targets at midfield then this will have ended up being absolutely brilliant on the clubs part for backing out of the race for Bellingham..this dirt cheap transfer for such a class player leaves so much room to do more
Comment: The Pilfering begins, wherein clubs that punched above their weight class and dared to dream are taught a lesson and also rewarded with money.
Comment: Excellent signing for Liverpool. Weakens a direct rival too (until you realize it's Brighton and they probably have another unearthed gem lined up to replace him for peanuts...).
Comment: Nice for them
Comment: I'm interested to see who Brighton sign for replacement. They will have lost some players and I hope they have a good European run next season.
Comment: In my FM save, I con Liverpool to pays me 150m£ for him lol
Comment: Love the number 10
Comment: Brighton being fleeced with such a low transfer fee
Comment: Lucky
Comment: Not to be too fussy but his name is Mac Allister. He’s not related to the Home Alone character. Though he does have a brother called Kevin which is amazing.
Comment: And I remember people here were saying 'Why would he sign a lost-form club'
As an Argentina and LFC fan..it's a huge W
Comment: Great signing for Liverpool and £55m is quite a good price for him. I think he'll fit perfectly into Klopp's system and won't need time to settle in which Liverpool need.
Comment: 35M what an absolute steal!

Comment: I have been a big Darwin defender for the fact that I see the talent he possesses and what he could potentially be. It’s just the fact that Liverpool are not at a point where potential is enough to warrant a Starting XI spot — you need to earn that. I get he’s upset but he’s had numerous chances to bury shots all year and just hasn’t. If he stays, I won’t be mad and if he goes, I won’t be mad — I’m just numb at this point.
Comment: highly inconsistent with flashes of brilliance? fucks easy chances up? we’ll take him
Comment: If this is true, he’s paying far too much attention to social media. 

We chant his name (NUNEZ NUNEZ NUNEZ) every time he does anything slightly exciting — including hitting the woodwork or blasting it at the keeper from 4 yards out. 

We’ve stuck by him in the stadiums , so I’m actually kinda pissed off if he’s basically suggesting that he hasn’t had any love shown and that’s why he’s unhappy!
Comment: If I was a Liverpool fan, I'd want to keep him one more season and see how he gets on under the new manager... doesn't make sense to me to get rid of him before you even see how he'll fit in with whatever changes come this summer.
Comment: This is dumbass clickbait
Comment: As a United fan I love nothing more than negative news coming out of Anfield. But fuck me, football really is on its arse in the age of social media and instant gratification. He’s a young player, in what we keep claiming is the best/toughest/most competitive league in the world (it isn’t), and to top it off he’s actually been alright. If people expected him to come in and be prime Suarez they are fucking idiots.
Comment: It bothers me so much that YNWA means nothing to so many “fans” in this thread. Yeah, he’s missed sitters and hit the crossbar more than I’ve seen any player do. But he’s also gotten the comeback and bleeds Liverpool red night and day. He’s hilarious in the videos Anfield releases and seems like a good guy. 11 goals and 8 assists, and let’s not forget he’s been subbed on more than he’s played full games. 

Just because he should be putting more goals in (it’s arguably true) doesn’t mean he deserves to be deeply unhappy. He shouldn’t be abused online nor threatened. If he does decide to go, YNWA should still apply. He’s brought us some amazing memories and moments. How fast some forget.
Comment: I could tell there was a massive almost instant shift in the fans opinions on Nunez, and it all happened during the Europa league 1st leg vs Atalanta.


All season long the fans have backed him despite him missing so many chances because we could see the potential. Despite his poor form we have been singing his name in matches and defending him against rival fans.


But you could tell the crowd collectively decided enough was enough after watching him yet again miss multiple sitters in a match we ended up losing 3-0, costing us the tie and the significant probability of winning the Europa league as a nice send off for Klopp.
Comment: >Liverpool have been told that striker Darwin Nunez is deeply unhappy at the club and wants to leave Anfield

No, they haven't. This article is about Chris Sutton speculating on something he has no real knowledge or clue about on a podcast.

It's possible Nunez is unhappy, but this has just twisted some bullshit spouted on a podcast into clickbait
Comment: There is no way he will leave.

If he goes to sign on the dotted line, he will probably miss.
Comment: A goal.com article that is 2 days old.

Thank you for your service lol.
Comment: so Chris Sutton has an opinion.

which is based on nothing other than the voices in his head.

Well, Thanks. For. That.
Comment: If he could finish at an even reasonable level, he would be considered one of the best players in world football. I have love for him, because he is chaos incarnate on the pitch, but he hurts our side so many times each match by missing sitters & finishes a prem striker just should make.
Comment: He would be happier if he scored a few goals.
Comment: Trash article feeding off of the online abuse received by the player and his family. Shame on the clowns jumping in on this hate, you don't deserve to call yourselves Liverpool supporter!
Comment: Crossbars and posts of England will be relieved.
Comment: Click bait. 

‘Dumb move’ refers to deleting his Liverpool posts - not the move to Liverpool itself. 

‘Deeply unhappy’ was mentioned in the context of **checks notes** *Chris Sutton* saying it means he’s off somewhere ‘or is deeply unhappy’

Goal are absolute trash. 

They manipulated and used a lot of inference here to stitch together a headline we all clicked on. 

Gutter journalism.
Comment: I hope the lad stays, fuck you all who have nothing but negative things to say about him lately. You can’t see potential and want nothing but instant gratification. Your’e the fans this club doesn’t need.
Comment: The source is Chris Sutton? Give me a fucking break. Chris Sutton ‘warning’ us about something that he’s made up on a weak basis is clickbait bullshit.
Comment: For someone called Darwin, this dude never evolved his game

