Comment: A 4-0 win against Brighton is really a big statement. Hope they can give some good performances and win few games so that they would stay up. It's fun to watch the way they are playing. They deserves PL football for further seasons.
Comment: For sure. They're defying all expectations. Nice to see a small club getting some attention.
Comment: Stuff like this is the reason I'm almost sure De Zerbi will be eaten up if he goes to a bigger club, people big him up but Brighton is inconsistent af under him
Comment: They've scored more goals than Man Utd this season! Lmao
Comment: I like Luton - the scrappy underdogs that still play a physical game, championship style, that not too many PL teams don't wanna play anymore. They play a super aggressive line, physical on the ball and marking and are just generally pests to the bigger boys. They know they're the underdogs and they do all the dirty work to pressure the other teams. Gotta respect that mentality to keep up for a season.
Comment: Love an underdog story and these boys work hard. Exciting stuff really.
Comment: Luton are the only team out of the 3 that play like their lives depend on staying up. They are a such an amazing team to watch play and as an Arsenal fan I really hope they stay up. 

They play with passion. They don't give up ever and their stadium despite the memes is actually perhaps one of the best for football vibes and atmosphere. Deffo a stadium I want to go to and watch a game.
Comment: I feel like they'd stay up but when I look at it, they're battling Everton, Forest, Brentford and Palace... Not easy.
I reckon they stay up, Forest down
Comment: We found them tough away, got a jammy 1-0. They had not a lot of skill, but a lot of fight. Don't fancy playing them again.

I want the league to have teams like this, your Pulis Stokes and Dyche Burnleys. We tend to drop points against them more than title contenders do, so boo, but they keep everyone honest. To be a great prem team, you have to mix it with the cloggers or be exposed as show-boaters. It's a great test.
Comment: Luton Town is the only promoted team that I can see staying up.They seem to gradually improve since August.
Comment: I literally have watched premier league for years but could never pick a team.

Now I am a Luton Supporter.
Comment: I've been rootin' for Luton all season. I like their scrappiness, and it feels like they give off the aura that they belong in the Premier League as opposed to just being happy to get up for a year.
Comment: Luton fan here I’m glad we haven’t been the whipping boys like everyone thought, we play a certain way and some teams can’t recognise how to play against it and we get some good results , also glad we got a lot of support from other fan bases
Comment: I hate the narrative that teams always just play bad against Luton, no they just out play their opponents.

They were better than Arsenal/City/Chelsea/Liverpool/Brighton/Newcastle and Man United maybe too this season. Even if the results don't reflect that properly. They are a physical side of old, where corners and set pieces are always dangerous, using fast full backs/wingers to lump in crosses. 

They use what they have very well and in my opinion deserve to stay up, I really think them, Everton and crystal palace will have a good fight between them to stay up.

As I'm an arsenal fan I can't help but say fuck them, as with any London team, but I respect what they are doing nonetheless.
Comment: Luton is the new Stoke
Comment: I personally have delighted in seeing the limited Ross Barkley resurgence.
Comment: They absolutely work so much harder. If there was ever a team I want to see stay up, it’s this one.
Comment: I’m really good mates with a few of the Luton boys. Great bunch of lads especially my boy Tommy. Shoutout to him
Comment: Their players are cool but I don’t like their fans
Comment: They had a few games in a row where they actually put in great performances against top teams but lost by like 1 goal 

They certainly deserve more 

I want Nottingham and Luton to stay up personally 

Even though I’m originally from Bedford which is like Luton’s special younger cousin

But 4-0 against Brighton? I mean that can’t be sniffed at at all

Comment: Chelsea should comfortably win, which is exactly why they won’t. I predict a 0-1 loss with a 90+8’ Ross Barkley screamer top bins.
Comment: Personally I feel the absolute opposite. If you're Chelsea right now and you could pick one game out of the 38 to have after their start, it would surely be at home to Luton, right?

There's some pressure, but I don't think that outweighs how heavily superior they are in terms of quality
Comment: If it were at Kenilworth Road it'd be 100x tastier but I think Luton will still be picked apart. 

3-1 fairly easy win to Chelsea.
Comment: What’s going to annoy me about it is that we’ll trounce Luton and our fans will think we’re going to win the league for a week. The delusion in our fanbase goes through the roof if we win a match we should.
Comment: I saw this fun fact the other day:

Boehly has spent over $800M on transfer fees to win a total of 3 PL matches since the January transfer window. Of those teams, two are no longer in the Premier League (Leeds and Leicester City). The 3rd team is Bournmouth.
Comment: I captained Jackson in fpl
Comment: I think that I just want to watch my team play 😉😉
Comment: If Chelsea can't beat Luton with all that money spent. They should be liquidated.
Comment: I think Chelsea will win comfortably 3-0. They aren't as bad as people are making out
Comment: If Luton win, I am naming my first born luton.
Comment: Scenes if Barkley scores the last minute winner
Comment: If we don’t win this match idk what the hell we can win.
Comment: Luton have the opportunity to do the funniest thing 😂 the meltdown if this even ends in a draw
Comment: You don’t ‘walk all over’ opponents even if you are better than them talent wise. It’s that attitude which gives them an advantage.
Comment: At the end of the day its 11vs11 both of them players in the field have legs arms and a head. Whoever wants it more will get it.
Comment: Chelsea 4 - Luton 0
Comment: Chelsea fan here. If you'll recall, when Luton was still in the lower leagues, we played them away in the FA cup. They very nearly beat us, and that was back then. They are a really quality team with a ton of cohesion. We have no cohesion right now. More than half of our team probably still puts the address to Cobham in their iPhone Maps app to get to training. I would be shocked if we get three points to be fair. I think we'll lose 1-0, or at best draw 1-1. Nothing against Poch or the owners, but we're about to see why intangibles are so important in sport.
Comment: Ross Barkley about to drop the performance of a lifetime as Luton win 1-0
Comment: Pretty sure Luton need to be getting something against mid table teams if they want to stay up, important game for them
Comment: As a Chelsea fan, I cannot see us walking all over anyone at this point. I haven’t been confident in this team since about October 2022.

Comment: What a journey. From the conference to the premier league within a decade. The stuff dreams are made of.
Comment: Massive result for football banter social pages who can relentlessly post about their ground.
Comment: First game of the season has got Luton vs Arsenal/United/Spurs all over it 

They always seem to be a David vs “Goliath” fixture where Goliath actually stands a good chance of imploding
Comment: Their home pitch is tiny, their players are large, and their tactics are solid. They defend well too, keep their shape, counter quickly, very combative physically. Very good manager too, Watford mad to let him go.

I think they will be very effective at home, especially for teams who want to play pretty football and don't handle set-pieces well. I can imagine it being an ambush for sides that maybe don't take it seriously because of the '3rd round of the FA Cup' vibes The Kenny gives off.

If Luton get into the habit of scoring set pieces, they ought to be able to do enough not to completely embarrass themselves.

&#x200B;

The flipside of this is that if they turn into tourists, if they get sucked into the mindset that it's all just a grand tour of the great stadiums of England and they stop fighting for every minute they are on the pitch, they could get smashed harder than any team has ever been smashed.

&#x200B;

I don't expect them to stay up, but I think they will embarrass a few opponents.

&#x200B;

Thing with Luton as well is that they were wildly overperforming even in the Championship. They shouldn't have the money to compete in that division, let alone the prem, but here they are. This is huge for the club long term, even if they get bounced straight back down.
Comment: Glad they were the ones who came out on top. They were the better team throughout the game. As for next season I think they’ll unfortunately go straight back down but you never know.
Comment: Obviously depends on transfers, but I would say they're very likely to go straight back down.
Comment: Biggest shithousers in the league, calling it at 16th
Comment: Relegated. Probably 20th
Comment: I remember back in 2007-2008 we were both relegated to league 2 on the verge of liquidation and we both started the 2008-2009 league 2 season on minus points. I have had a soft spot for Luton ever since so I’m looking forward to going back next season. Up the hatters!!!!!
Comment: It would be quite an achievement if they stayed up. 

But still...I thought that this year all promoted teams would get relegated. They all stayed up and Fulham/Bournemouth in particular did a great season.
Comment: I grew up in Luton in the 80s. Even had a trial there. Watched them as a kid the last time they played in the top league - they went down the season before the PL started. Saw some great players!!

They would open the door some weeks with 20
minutes to go and let a few of us kids in.

The place is a shit hole but a lot of the people there are magic

Delighted for them!!!!
Comment: They’re winning the whole fucking thing
Comment: Calling it now, 20th Book mark it
Comment: Very pleased for them, I’m not smart enough to predict how they’ll do next season, maybe I’ll have a go after I’ve seen some of their business this summer
Comment: My dad was born and brought up in Luton then moved to Manchester and had always been a Manchester United fan but still hoped Luton would do well alongside his brother. His brother passed away a few years ago and he would have loved to have witnessed this with him.

Watched him watch the penalty shootout and had a tear in his eye when he saw the last penalty go over the bar. I think that was for his brother.

He thinks they won't stay up unfortunately but to see my dad so happy I really hope they do stay up. 

We'll have to wait and see I suppose.
Comment: Every saying they'll go straight back down 
First of all it's an achievement they got there and the money from one season will mean so much and can fund the stadium and improve the training ground etc.
Comment: The first team to go all the way down to non-league and back up to Prem!
Comment: Congrats to them, but they’ll have to dig deep just to survive relegation from the 23/24 Premier League season. It’s a different league.

Also, Kenilworth Road is only about a 11,000 seater.
Is Power Court stadium even done yet?
Comment: Wikipedia had a parody page once called Uncyclopedia.

Luton Town was referred to as Luton Airport in that page.

For some reason that's the first thing that came to mind today.
Comment: You ain't going to like them guys.

Don't pick any fragile players for these games and make sure your air raid sirens are in good working order.

And I say that out of respect for a team that are outstanding at what they do.

Comment: As long as there are three teams finishing below us, I don't care who the other 16 are
Comment: As long as Bournemouth get maximum karma for sacking Gary O’Neil and go down, not really bothered who else goes with them.
Comment: After hearing of the Hillsborough/Feed the Scousers chants today, fuck 'em.
Comment: If the FA gave a fuck, they would play their next home game behind closed doors for the disgusting vitriolic chants today. 

I thought we had moved away from Hillsborough chanting around 2 thousand and fucking 2 and here we are again. The small club romance nonsense along with the romanticism around their ground will die off eventually too, especially as they are building a new stadium.
Comment: I'd only want them to stay up if it means all the media will stop going on about them playing in someone's garden.

It's just a bit of a dead joke now
Comment: Wanted them to do well in the prem until I heard the tragedy chanting tonight. After that they can fuck right off back down
Comment: If I wasn’t Everton and worried about a relegation scrap at the end of season, I’m pulling for them every game (except against Toffees!)
Comment: Not a chance. Hillsborough chanting & feed the scousers… they can get to fuck. 

Playing a back 7 on a pitch which is 500 square metres smaller than the PL minimum regulations also makes for some vile viewing.
Comment: People are starting to find out that Cute Little Luton have a notorious support. There was a reason why Luton away was a big day out for Football hooligans.
Comment: I don’t support Luton (Aston Villa) but my wife does as she is from there. I have over the years taken the p!$$ out of them and I said they would never be in the premier league in my lifetime. Now that they have been promoted she has got the kids hooked into it. So I would be happy if they stayed up.
Comment: After what their so called fans were chanting? I hope the end up straight back in non league. Vile. Glad we ruined their day.
Comment: Hope they fuck off into administration after their chants today.
Comment: Out of the three promoted sides they definitely have the most fight in them
Comment: Until their crowd chanted about the deaths of Liverpool supporters today, I had hoped they might survive the drop. Now? Fuck em!
Comment: As long as it isn't at the expense of us going down... let them stay
Comment: They have a good chance because of how bad the other teams are.
Comment: I've been very impressed with how well Luton have played this season. They are trying to play good football and mostly succeeding! I'm not a typical fan, I appreciate every team that try to play good football and so it's a yes from me 👍
Comment: Love the story but thought there away fans were cunts 

Other than that love them to stay up
Comment: They got the fighting spirit, and people who are hating on them for their play style need to put themselves in their position. A draw against Liverpool is a great result for them.
Comment: There are four or even five teams I'd prefer to see go down over Luton so yes. Closest thing to them I've seen in the PL was Blackpool and everybody loved that Blackpool team

Comment: The team that’s scores the most goals will win. Michael Owen
Comment: My heart says Luton, but my brain is telling me Chelsea. I could easily see Chelsea just choking this.
Comment: Probably Chelsea but I hope Luton, because fuck Chelsea.
Comment: No matter what happens, tomorrow we’ll be bombarded with the usual posts “We need to reform VAR!!” , “ How was that not a penalty?” “The league is corrupted!” , “Greenwood is a fascist!”.
Comment: I'm not great at watching the championship and lower leagues as much as I should, so tbh I really don't know much about Luton, so I'll be excited to watch them today. This already feels like a must win for Chelsea given the press around the club
Comment: I think one of them might. Idk
Comment: Will be a huge game in the relegation battle but think Chelsea will just edge it tonight
Comment: Chelsea 3-0.
Comment: Whilst I love to see Luton get at least a point from this match, I see Chelsea winning this by a couple of goals.
Comment: I will move to Luton if they pull it off
Comment: Lmao we’re gonna have 80% possession and 30 shots and lose 1-0 to a free kick.
Comment: A 0-1 win for Luton from the spot. Caicedo gets given 4 yellow cards due to pathetic refereeing which results in two red cards, which means he is sent off before straight away being sent back on.
Comment: Luton ofc
Comment: Expectation:  Luton

Reality:  Chelsea
Comment: Of course it'll be chelsea but I really hope Luton smash them
Comment: Luton 0-3 😳
Comment: Think Luton will give it a really good go but Chelsea will just be too good and probably smash them 4-1 or something.
Comment: Chelsea got one hell of a schedule in October and November (Arsenal, Brentford, Tottenham, Man City, Newcastle, Brighton, and Man U). They really need a win now.
Comment: I want to say Luton, but it'll probably be Chelsea
Comment: It's either a 3-0 win for Chelsea or a 1-0 loss no inbetween

Comment: These posts are getting a bit condescending now tbh
Comment: I find it weird hating us Luton fans when you’ve had nothing to do with us since 1992, we’ve got nothing against any fanbase only our local rivals, we sing the songs all fans sing !! Luton fans been hearing “Luton’s a shithole, I wanna go home” forever, we cheer and laugh about it, fans are too precious these days.
Comment: Ross Barkley has been immense this season.   

&#x200B;

He was fouled for the 4th Newcastle goal, btw.  Impeding a player with no attempt to win the ball is a foul. That goal never should have stood.
Comment: Regardless of what happens, they’re a good story. Their players leading the side right now cost absolute peanuts and they’re showing signs of life, making them a fun side to watch. 

Forrest’s almost entirely new team last year was fascinating too, but the more restrictive financial handicap Luton is under is perhaps a more compelling dynamic.
Comment: Teams decent, fans are terrible
Comment: They are growing within themselves and getting settled into the PL. Forest should be worried they are looking poor and a point deduction might he coming. 
Comment: Enjoy watching them more than fulham, to be honest.
Comment: As a Coys fan I’ll have to give Noble Solicitors a call as being a side fan of the Hatters seems almost criminal.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Yes. It's the only team I love watching (except when they play against the champs Arsenal).
Comment: Stop posting this same drivel every other day. We get it, you want the underdogs to stay up. Guess what, not everyone shares that opinion so can we reign it in a bit, it's boring to read, sick of seeing the same thing on here!
Comment: hopefully they get relegated. Shit club

Comment: Really terrible look from both the supporters and the club. It's impossible to tell exactly how many supporters joined the chant, but it was enough to come through very clearly on the TV broadcast. 

The statement is egregious and completely fails to acknowledge the harm done, to take any responsibility, and deflects attention away from the actual issue they're meant to be addressing. 

It's a shame because before this match there was no animosity between the clubs at all, and among the LFC fans I talk to, most wanted to see Luton do well in the PL before this match. It's a very common occurrence for these chants to repeatedly pop up in matches, and I wish the organizations with the power to limit these chants in the future took a much harsher stance, because the current tack has proven insufficient to reduce the chants in any meaningful capacity.
Comment: "What has quickly become evident is that a number of people may have taken part without knowledge that the words used were in relation to the Hillsborough and Heysel tragedies"


"Without knowledge." I'm pretty sure it is obvious what it means considering alot of twats use it against liverpool
Comment: Well the tone and wording of this statement has done absolutely nothing to ease the situation.

Nearly as embarrassing as the chants.
Comment: Ruined the fairytale image for me. Can’t wait for the cunts to get relegated
Comment: Had the opportunity to take some responsibility and accountability and apologise. They’ve tried to minimise it and shift blame from it. What a horrible club. Whoever signed that statement off should be sacked
Comment: Can't wait to see them relegated. Tin pot club with scum supporters.
Comment: "sorry you were offended" is not an apology
Comment: Absolute shite. God I hope they go down now.
Comment: Embarrassing, was actually hoping they would do well this season but they can fuck off back to the Championship and then one more to league one where they can stay.
Comment: Shameful all around.
Comment: Luton fans being knobs?! Colour me surprised
Comment: Awful statement that does everything it can to minimise the harm caused by the chanting, and spends more time than acceptable (an acceptable amount would be none) talking about the result of the match.
Comment: What a disgraceful club
Comment: “The eyes of the world are on us, which is something we have to adapt to”

People are going to hear us acting like fucking scum so we need to be more careful lads!

What an awful statement.
Comment: Luton town have gone from everyone loving them to everyone hating them overnight
Comment: They have done a Spanish classic here. Find the mistake and double down
Comment: What was the chant?
Comment: Can’t wait till they fuck off for another thirty years fucking backward cunts.
Comment: Relegate these scumbag bastards already. And this statement is real POS material - but then what else can we expect from such a subpar club.
Comment: Luton Town are scum of the earth. 💙❤️

Comment: Some of the comments under this post are evidence that people don't remember what they used to think.
Comment: I'd absolutely love to see them survive.
Comment: As a Man U fan who loves rooting for the underdogs, I was rooting for Forest to stay up last year and was delighted they did. This season, given the size and story of the club, man I'd love to see Luton stay up. 

Nothing about them says premier league, no huge stadium, no massive transfer budget, just pure grit, heart and soul and that's admirable. 'mon the hatters.
Comment: Hope they stay up. Unfortunately, that means saying goodbye to Forrest, who I don’t mind watching.
Comment: What’s amazing is that they planned to get relegated and actually set themselves up for next year. If they manage to stay up, instead of going back to the Championship as predicted, their plans will go from looking at PL youngsters and rejects to top quality youngsters and squad players at other Prem clubs. Plus making way more money on their sales than they would in the Championship with the likes of Doughty, Barkley, Adebayo, Kaminski and Ogbene possibly having double the value they would if they got relegated.
Comment: Still plenty of time for them to get relegated. (Although admittedly I am already surprised, I thought they would be where Sheffield is right now.)
Comment: their atmosphere at home might be the best in the league.  it can be a fortress.
Comment: If not for a 10 point deduction to Everton they'd be in the relegation zone, two points off safety. Exactly where they were predicted to be at the beginning of the season.
Comment: Hopefully they can stay up for another season..
Comment: Given the situation that Forest and Everton are in they have more than a good chance of staying up.

We've had major problems against them this season and they are pretty impressive to watch. They don't seem to have the same baggage/nervousness that Sheff Utd and Burnley have.
Comment: I've been extremely impressed with Luton this season and I'm surprised that there isn't more media coverage about them. 

As the article pointed out, I remember that most fans gave them 0 chance of surviving because of their extremely low wage bill.

They've produced some great results this season including that 4-0 smashing of Brighton. And they've done so well to almost nab points at home against City, Arsenal, and Chelsea. They also drew against Liverpool.

I really hope Luton can stay in the PL.
Comment: Big game this weekend. Hope they can bounce back after their loss to Shffield.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: I think they're going to get annihilated this weekend against a resurgent Man Utd.

Edit: I'll be looking forward to upvotes on Sunday evening then.
Comment: And those odds are...? Not being shitty enough?
Comment: They're relegation battlers as was expected. What's new?
Comment: They’re going down 😂 but keep praising them it’ll make it funnier when they do

Comment: Luton are the team nobody wants to face but everyone beats.
Comment: Impressive that they were ahead at all in these fixtures.
Comment: Some of these are not like the others. Drawing or losing to Liverpool isn't too strange for a newly promoted side.
Comment: Everton/Tottenham/Villa/Luton/Palace/Bournemouth we've all led and only Everton did we get a point from.  Exactly same amount.
Comment: If Luton don’t beat Forest then they may be screwed. They’ve got a pretty tough run of games left. Spurs, Arsenal, City & West Ham away are probably zero points for them
Comment: Honestly, Luton are a nice side to watch, and I don't want to see them get relegated. But too bad it looks like its happening with these stats.
Comment: Don't have to rub it in lads
Comment: If only they didnt have the laundry list of injured players they certainly would not be faced with relegation.
Comment: I still expect them to stay up, they've shown much more fight than Forest and Everton (post deduction boost) this season
Comment: Is that a lot? Burnley have lost more from winning positions - 20
Comment: Throwing away leads just proves that they are not quite the quality required to play in the premier league
Comment: Burnley dropped 20, mad
Comment: In our defence it’s really bloody hard
Comment: Luton Frown
Comment: Could be worse Brentford have dropped 31 and they have had 8 of their first eleven injured at some point and half for the whole season
Comment: Are we expecting luton to win again Manchester city, Liverpool, arsenal, Newcastle? Absurd 
Comment: The City dropped points aren’t that bad but if you’re two goals up or drop point in stoppage time then that’s not great.
Comment: Luton Town really needs their home matches to truly count to survive.
Comment: Brentford have dropped 28 points so far this season
Comment: Please dont do this same stat for Palace :(

Comment: Hope Coventry win the other semi final - would be a quality playoff final.
Comment: Would be the greatest achievement in football history . I saw us lose at home to Braintree and Kidderminster ten years ago
Comment: Imagine the away days Luton playing Anfield, Etihad and Old Trafford

Amazing stuff
Comment: Hoping Coventry go through too. Would be a fun final! Plus idk the last time either were in the prem? Gotta be 20-30 for either yeah? Maybe more for Luton???
Comment: Luton town has a special place in my heart. They were the first team from England that we played as b juniors from my small town in the nordics. 

They came and played hard, so hard that their striker slide tackled our goalies face. Knocked most of his teeth out, ripped his upper lip in half all the way to the bone and gave me horrible trauma after seeing the poor dudes face. 

He had to have an emergency surgery to save his face. Seeing him after it with face all swollen and full of stitches, i thought he would never look the same. Kudos to the surgeon and some fake teeth hes as handsome as ever.

They single handedly took the joy of playing football away from me and left a fear for gruesome injuries.
Comment: Feels like it's Luton's year this time
Comment: Lmfao.
Comment: Cody Drameh really let off the hook there
Comment: massive result for them! hope coventry notch the other spot as well. would be happy to see either team come up.
Comment: I grew up in Luton in 1980s and even had a trial there. It may be e a shit hole but it is where I fell in love with football! 

Luton Town would open one of tbh stands with 10/15 mins to go and let a few kids in. Was magical. Saw many a great player!

Would LOVE to see them go up! 👍🏻
Comment: Just wait until you see the entrance to the away end... 🙄
Comment: Up the hatters 🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢
Comment: That's a great result. Am hoping Coventry win the other and I'd be happy to see either win the final and go up. Be amazing final. I have a soft spot for Luton as a FM player I managed them for a long time, while Coventry is local to me and they going up would be amazing
Comment: Best thing to happen to the town of Luton in decades
Comment: I need Luton to win
Comment: Hoping they lose the final. We don't need another London team in the Premier league.
Comment: I’d love to see them take our place. Just because that cunt isn’t their manager anymore either.
Comment: Absolutely no love for the Boro
Comment: Sunderland should have had a stone wall penalty in the first half
Comment: Wembley is the worst place they could play. Hoofball doesn’t work on massive pitches. They’re good at grinding out runs in their derelict stadium with a tiny pitch. But go to the Stadium of light and get battered, Wembley will be no different. Especially against Boro.

Comment: Luton
Comment: Playing good football in a lower league. 

This isn’t a slight at Pep, I think any good manager would struggle to keep them up over a 5 year period. They don’t have the budget to compete in the Prem. First thing of PL survival is the budget to compete with other relegation battlers, which they don’t have. PL tv money is great but unless you can other revenue streams, it’d going to be tough.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: Investigated by the FA
Comment: Depends how much oil they find underneath Luton
Comment: Pep is used to buying players like it’s fucking Career Mode.
Comment: Are they owned by Saudi and have endless money funneled in?
Comment: On FM once I edited it to put Pep as manager of Burnley, in the season they got relegated IRL, he got them double relegated with his brand of footy,  so based off that I’ll say he’ll bankrupt the club and fall down the leagues
Comment: Back in the Championship
Comment: Realistically with their current finances? He’d do extremely well to keep them as a mid table pl club imo, while he is a fantastic coach he has always had the pick of players to choose from at each of the clubs he’s coach and basically unlimited resources to make sure he had excessive numbers of talent.

Would be interesting to see the quality of player he could lure there while also
Spending under 100 m a year in transfer fees, and probably a lot under 100 if we are being frank. While if we are being realistic the club would have to have a stadium redevelopment if they became a consistent premier league club. I just don’t see him being able to escape the financial limitations of a club like luton.
Comment: They don’t have enough corruption money for pep
Comment: Season 1: Relegated. I feel he'd still try to stick to his style of play even though it won't necessary fit the skillsets of the players he has, and eventually mid-season he'd try to adapt a little bit yet not enough to actually yield results.

Season 2: Championship Playoffs.

Season 3: Promoted.

Season 4: Relegated.

Season 5: Promoted.

So a yoyo-club basically, although even in this What-If scenario dude would probably leave mid-season 1 or at the end of season 1.
Comment: The same place they would be without him, bro is entirely untested with anything other than a super team and hundreds of millions to spend. Without that who knows how good he is.
Comment: This season, 16th. Next year, 18th. Pep resigns no need for 5 years

Pep forced to use normal funding instead of his Football manager in game editor. It wouldn't go well

I think Luton will come 20th this year, so 16th is a compliment to pep
Comment: Either championship or fighting relegation in PL. let’s not pretend that Pep hasn’t benefitted from having incomparable resources every step of the way.
Comment: League one. Pep is a great coach, but he requires a very specific set of players to match his philosophy and Luton don't have the resources to match his vision.
Comment: Probably be asking how he wound up at fucking Luton.
Comment: If he took Luton with oil money champions of Europe and if he took over Luton without oil  money related and sacked
Comment: Relegated. Probably to league 2. Peps already shown he needs specific players and a massive budget to achieve anything.
Comment: Pep has never managed a club that’s financially weaker than others in their leagues. Pep is definitely a genius but feel like he would struggle.

Comment: I hope EA animates some funny scenes in the local houses back gardens
Comment: They'll either finish dead last with a record low, or shithouse a decent enough home form that they can just stay up. 

Erling Haaland will be eyeing up at least 6 goals against them.
Comment: 1st. Just remortgaged and I'm off to William Hill
Comment: It’s an amazing story and they should be so so proud…

But they’re going to get bloody hammered.
Comment: Probably 20th but they said that about us to be honest so 18th for them. I want them to stay up.
Comment: They’ll finish somewhere from 1-20
Comment: A rainy away night at Stoke just became a Rainy Away night at Kenilworth Road. 

Massive for them I'm ecstatic. Bandwagoning them next season because it's such a good story. Cheers to Luton, hopefully they can stay up.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: If they don't fire their manager, probably fine.
Comment: 20th place with a very low points tally.
Comment: Will finish above Spurs anyway so there's that.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: I think they’ll be like a blackpool. Refreshing, go for it, ultimately end their time in heartbreak, however long they’re here for.
Comment: Just wish them and Coventry could have both come up. Such a refreshing change from the usual WBA/Norwich procession
Comment: You never know because I wrote off Brentford, but it’s likely they’ll struggle.
Comment: I think they'll stay up, I'm a Chelsea fan, we really struggled when we went there in the fa cup last year, that ground is a very difficult ground to play at, I think their home form will keep them up. 15th.
Comment: They should pick Ted Lasso as coach
Comment: Literally no one on here have seen them play all season so don’t know
Comment: Home form might be enough for 16th-17th.
Comment: Luton Town 2023/24 Premier League Winners. They beat Arsenal 5-1 on the last game of the season to win it from Man City. Liverpool get relegate with Fat Sam as the manager.

Comment: Whichever one can gracefully go down with a whimper, thus taking up one of the relegation spots we need to avoid
Comment: Luton because of the stadium but I can imagine they’ll be absolute shithousers which will be annoying to play against
Comment: Luton purely because I think it’s hilarious that all these football millionaires are going to have to go to fucking Luton at some point

Edit: Coventry is also a shit hole so im fine either/or but Luton is such a specific type of unpleasant
Comment: Would be a great story if Luton made it non league 9 years ago.
Comment: Coventry. What that club has been through over the last couple of decades is nothing short of criminal. 

They represent one of the larger UK Cities and are by many standards a big club, one that has fallen on very hard times.
Comment: Coventry. I live there. 

&#x200B;

Unfortunately.
Comment: I have fond memories of Coventry from being a kid (Robbie Keane era), but I also love seeing new teams up in the Prem. Very hard one to call! I'm just really happy it'll be one of these two (shit answer, sorry)
Comment: I mean, it means nothing to me now 😭 but Coventry for nostalgia reasons.  Although Luton's stadium in the prem would be amazing
Comment: Luton Town to take 4 points off Arsenal, United and City.
Comment: Coventry, its a shorter bus ride for liverpool. They dont do well after a long journey
Comment: Cov, I want more midlands contingent.
Comment: luton is a shithole but i was born in that shithole so i’m gonna root for them.
Comment: Luton surely gonna do it.
It just feels like that's the storyline.
Comment: Coventry City, since they're the local team to me and I used to go see them when I was a kid.
Comment: Coventry City, nothing like watching Dion Dublin play for them back in the day.
Comment: Coventry.  Hands down.
Comment: Everton. Either next year or in 2051.
Comment: Coventry. I lived there for a decade in my twenties, and hated it, but have a soft spot for the club, they were treated appallingly. Also Luton has that Tommy Robinson thing. I know it's not fair associating a club with a bigot fan, but he was such a cancerous grifter, it's hard not to
Comment: Luton. Proper small club playing in the big leagues. Will be fun to see whatever happens
Comment: Either of them will be great to see play in the Prem. Lean more towards Luton for their stadium.

Comment: Best playoff final in ages, either side coming up would be amazing
Comment: Hopefully if Coventry get promoted they spend the next 20 years narrowly avoiding relegation in tribute to their previous spell in the top flight.
Comment: Luton for me, get Kenilworth Road in the prem, better day out as well.
Comment: Coventry were in the prem before so would be cool to see them back up, Luton I think were first division and got relegated before the prem started so it could be a first for them in the premier league itself!
Comment: If Coventry wins and Leicester drops, maybe they can bring back James Maddison and sing "He's One Of Our Own" until their vocal cords rupture?
Comment: Personally prefer Coventry to go up, but wouldn’t mind Luton and their story either. Either way, nice to see some new blood in the league as opposed to Norwich or Watford coming right back up again
Comment: The most league one play off final ever
Comment: I always love it when a "new" team comes up. It's very refreshing. 

If Coventry come up, it could be the kick in the arse the Ricoh Arena finally gets for it to be a sustainable venue and club.
Comment: Away days in Coventry or away days in Luton.

A real Sophie's choice.
Comment: 1980’s here we go!
Comment: Coventry. They can tag Leicester out on the way down.
Comment: I kinda sympathise with Luton as they’re the only team to vote on the creation of the Premier league in the early 90’s, that’s never played in it. They helped create the league, then got relegated months before the launch and have never been up since
Comment: Either club will be a great addition to a league that has a lot of unsavoury aspects (the oligarchs and sportswashers)
Comment: Luton away 😍
Comment: I said it before and I will say it again: Mark Robins is the most underrated manager in the football league. From League Two and  the threat of liquidation in 2017 to the gates of the prem in 2023. Luton's journey was remarkable but Mark Robins is still dealing with the dumpsterfire that is Coventry's ownership struggle and finances and has been for the past 6 years. They're not even sure whether they'll be able to play at the CBS next season because satan swooped in and bought it. What a ride for Cov.
Comment: I was born and raised in Coventry so hope they can do it, insane when you consider they didn't even have a playable pitch at the start of the season 😂
Comment: Wouldn’t mind either Luton story is amazing and I missed Steve ogrizovic so happy days
Comment: I wanna see Luton just to see their stadium hosting prem matches + they were in non league 10 years ago
Comment: Damn I missed that Subaru sponsored kit from Coventry
Comment: Excited for this final - two of the lower wage bills in the Championship, unreal both clubs have made it in their respective circumstances. Deserve so much more credit than their getting. 

Both sides deserve it and I'm happy to have either coming up, but overall I'd prefer Luton - finished a 46 game league campaign in 3rd, been away longer and to see Kenilworth Road in the Premiership of 2023 would be quite something.

Comment: Genuinely impressive you only named two players and somehow spelled them both wrong, fair play
Comment: Great analysis, I feel like I was there
Comment: I analyse my shits better than this.

What a crap post.
Comment: Watched it and apart from the sloppy mistake by Mpanzu they didnt look like a doomed relegation side to me, Brighton were just good rather than them being bad imo
Comment: whilst I’m flattered you think Luton losing 4-1 to us is respectable - I’m sure their fans don’t feel that way. They will be aiming to try and get a result first game in the league.  Can’t imagine their manager patting them on the back after conceding 4. ( please don’t take this the wrong way Luton fans). 

They are definitely my second side this year - big story of rising from the ashes much like Brighton have done. To Luton fans : good luck for the rest of the season 🤝
Comment: Don't you mean Pelly Ruddock Mpanzu? 🙄🤦🏽‍♂️
Comment: I was impressed with our performance despite the result. Thought 4 was a bit harsh imo but defenders looked knackered by the end.

Felt all the goals were easily preventable. Just need to strengthen a bit more in defence and get some injured players back. Don't feel any fear towards the other teams expected to be down the bottom. Early days n that!
Comment: You’re making it seem like they’re a league two team away at Man City.

If you’re in the same league, a 4-1 loss isn’t respectable. They can’t have the attitude that a 4-1 defeat is a good result if they want any hope of staying up.
Comment: Low effort post but I'll take it.
Comment: I really like Luton, but their inexperience really showed in the second half. Hope they can stay up tho
Comment: Oh my days! That was a spectacular overview of an astonishing performance from Luton Town! Keep it up, mate!
Comment: r/soccercirclejerk
Comment: Cheers Geoff
Comment: Based off  my analysis.  It was a game of 2 half's. Some goals and there were some happy and sad moments.

But ultimately, football won in the end. If I had to narrow that down... I would say Brighton won.
Comment: Mvamba my fav player
Comment: Genuinely impressed losing 4-1 to my club is now considered respectable.

Chelsea fans take note
Comment: Luton had their phases in the game and 4-1 felt somewhat harsh. 

Home form will be key for them though. Doubt they'll pick up too many points on the road but a lot of the Premiership probably won't have a clue what's going on when they rock up at the Kenny. Could give them a battling chance.
Comment: Morris looked really good, and the guy playing RB vs Mitona impressed me as well
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: 4-1 is not a respectable scoreline for Luton... How often do you think Brighton win 8-0? They are a very good team but they aren't Barcelona 09'...

Comment: The most Everton thing in the world to get 2 consecutive away wins then lose at home to Luton
Comment: Just one point behind Chelsea now!
Comment: Huge congratulations to Hatters. Now go and smash your next opponent whoever that may be!
Comment: Don't worry Luton. United will help you get 6 points!
Comment: oh my god please stay up
Comment: Subscribe!!!
Comment: Can you stop reminding me of this please?
Comment: Surprised Liverpool fans aren’t in this thread carrying on too 🤣 huge congrats to Luton thats a massive result
Comment: I was at work when this game was going on and thought Everton vs Luton? There’s no way Everton who just won two games against decent teams away would lose to last at home right? Imagine my surprise
Comment: **From The Telegraph's Chris Bascombe at Goodison Park:**

Luton Town’s 31-year wait for a top-flight victory is over. History was made with their first-ever Premier League success.

Not since David Pleat was the manager and Brian Stein the star striker have Luton been able to savour such a moment at the highest level. And relish it they did, their euphoric fans finally provided with tangible evidence they can survive and thrive.

Rob Edwards, Luton’s manager, felt the win was coming and like any forward-thinking coach focused on building towards the next one rather than dwelling on the joyful present.

But the more he spoke, the more emotions betrayed him after skipper Tom Lockyer and Carlton Morris’ first half goals ended a torturous wait, not just for the last three decades, but the first seven games of this season.

“The fans deserve it. The board deserves it. They are going to enjoy it. It is important we give them points to celebrate,” said Edwards. “I have been desperate to give the fans something to shout about.”

Say what you like about Everton - their supporters invariably do after home defeats - but they are doing their bit to prove the gap between the Premier League and Championship may not be as huge as the prophets of doom suggest.

After a combined 19 games, the clubs recently promoted from the second tier have accumulated six points. Four of them have come against Sean Dyche’s side.

Luton rode their luck a little early on at Goodison Park, but their second half resilience fully merited the triumph as they took advantage of residual panic once Everton fell two goals behind.

They also recovered from the loss of both starting centre-backs, including skipper Lockyer.

**Read more ⤵️**

[https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/09/30/everton-vs-luton-town-result-morris-lockyer-calvert-lewin/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/09/30/everton-vs-luton-town-result-morris-lockyer-calvert-lewin/)
Comment: Hi /u/TheTelegraph, this submission is waiting for moderator approval, before it can appear on the subreddit. All image submissions are manually checked for low-content submissions. If your submission is removed and you believe your post was removed as a mistake, please [contact the Mod Team via Modmail](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/PremierLeague). Thank you!

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Damnit Everton makes our exit from League Cup even more embarassing
Comment: Luton fans thinking they’re staying up because they beat Everton

Comment: We’re first! (In giving Luton 3 points)
Comment: Congrats Luton. Gutted for ourselves, but when aren’t we
Comment: Don't look now but if the season were to end today Luton would avoid relegation.
Comment: WE ARE MASSIVE!!!
Comment: As an Everton fan I can honestly say we all expected this to happen
Comment: F’s sake Everton. Had Pickford in FPL. Was a sure clean sheet against Luton lmao
Comment: Huge congrats👏🏾
Comment: Noice! :)
Comment: Needs more upvotes!
Comment: Is there a timeline where Luton stays up? Seems like it to me
Comment: Shout out to Luton Town
Comment: I put Morris in my fpl team and put him as captain so i'm taking credit for this win.
Comment: Have to give them credit.
Comment: Hats off and congrats. More to come hopefully :)
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: to everyone saying they'll beat Derby's record, they're already over 1/3rd the way there. I don't think people appreciate just how bad that record is.

Comment: One Liverpool player defending and everyone else stood still appealing, terrible terrible play
Comment: What was the liverpool call for? Handball?
Comment: Rule number 1: Play to the whistle…
Comment: Very Liverpool-esque that goal.
Comment: United and Everton sends their regards with that one
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Solid Chongtent.
Comment: lol

Replay request incoming
Comment: I can already taste the salty tears

Comment: Hope Luton stay up. Can do without Burnley and, unfortunately, Forrest.
Comment: I hope Luton stay up, they’ve been refreshing for the league, do or die attitude
Comment: They’ve been monstrous against the big dogs at home. No of them have gone there and had it easy

I hope they stay up too
Comment: Theyre niggly bastards but very athletic and showed promise last season of being able to step up.
Comment: Is this Andros Townsend Senior or Junior?  How will we know if it doesn't say?
Comment: Andros has been a pundit and a current player so has an insight most wouldn't have. Despite this, he slams pundits for making the same observations he made. Is he calling himself stupid along with everyone else?
Comment: Luton are doing the best of the 3 promoted teams by far
Comment: They fucking annihilated us.
Comment: If they are two different clubs before and after he joined then surely it wasn’t actually unfair for people to assume the old Luton would have went down, and indeed are only doing well because they’ve improved immensely since those predictions were made, as per his ascertain?
Comment: Luton have given Liverpool, Man Utd, and Arsenal a tough time this season. This alone speaks volumes.
Comment: So they are doing as he did except he took an offer of employment and has since changed his mind based on 1st hand knowledge.
Comment: I didn't pick them to stay up but I did pick them to do the best of the 3 teams provided kompany stayed stubborn to his naive tactics (and thus far he has). Thought it was quite clear that Luton were the strongest given sheffield united's horror transfer window and burnley's aforementioned naive tactics.

Will be interesting to see if they surprise and do stay up, I always thought these opinions and those of burnley coming midtable were from people who didn't watch the championship.
Comment: His not wrong, Luton looked well off it at the start of the season, but as the season's worn on, they look like a respectable Premier League side
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: He’s right, lazy punditry trickles down into group think by fans. Every time a relatively unknown manager comes in, it’s the same old talking points.
Comment: Liverpool is about to dismantle Luton Town
Comment: Yeah, I mean kicking teams to death will keep you up definitely.

Comment: To stay up they will need to bring in a lot of players. Their record signing is around 2m or something. They'll have to shatter that a few times to stand a chance
Comment: I thought Forest was doomed, but they’re staying up. Good to have them in the league.
Comment: I'll be more optimistic. Its possible if you look at Bournemouth and Forest. Different ways of staying up
Comment: Yes.
Comment: Dunno I think home form keeps them up. I've a feeling they are gonna be a nightmare to go to & that alone keeps them up!
Comment: Yeah
Comment: Absolutely. They'll do a Swindon.
Comment: Will be unbelievable if they stay up. Probably a case of, "is there 3 worse teams". We obviously don't know that yet, I mean look at the clubs going down... They're all big clubs that have pedegree at the top, but had awful seasons. Leeds, Everton and Leicester have all got top flight titles and Everton one of the most successful clubs (historically) in the country.

It's easy to just say, "Yeah", given the resources available to Luton, but they didn't get into the PL by fluke as the championship had some v. strong contenders this year.

All things considered, it does seem very likely but as they say, "it's a funny old game".
Comment: It's impossible to say. The current squad certainly isn't good enough but who's to say who they'll get in over the summer or who will step up.
Comment: People have to remember their pitch isn't that weird. It's longer than Wembley, I think. 

Trying to get dudes to sign will be interesting considering that team now may be on less than 10k a week.
Comment:  They’ll still beat us
Comment: I don't know much about them, but they climbed VERY quickly. I'm hoping they don't spend a bunch of money (if they got it) trying to stay up and failing.
Comment: Difficult to say. In 30 years, at least one promoted club has gone down in 26 of them. 

Luton do not have much, if any quality. They'll argue with me on that but they haven't seen what Premier League quality looks like until they see it in league matches against their own players; I was blown away by how big the Championship - Premier league gap was, and I was expecting it to be big.

Whatever quality they have will largely be what they buy in this summer. They are fan owned and have been burned, so will be very responsible and likely a bit conservative. 

They are a team of battlers (sometimes referred to as Thugball), highly physical, counterattacking and disruptive to other teams. But premier league teams are also a lot more physical than most championship teams; that physicality and strength is a key feature of the league, one I was surprised by. So I'm not sure whether that key strength will actually be as noticeable or not.

They have some players like Lockyer who, like our Ryan Yates, can just perform at the same level no matter what division they are in.

They'll bombard teams in the air and cause problems at set pieces. They'll catch people out at first; think of Bournemouth's first game against Villa where the limited Keiffer Moore was scoring headers. 

But I can't help but feel the tactically astute Premier League teams will find solutions pretty quickly to this and shrug those tactics off within a few games; it's simple stuff after all. Premier league clubs have much lower aerial duels won stats than championship clubs, but that's not because they are crap in the air; they are excellent in the air, hence why clubs don't keep it there.

At that point, Luton will need to have some real sprinklings of quality to be able to unlock PL defences in different ways and I'm not sure they have that; yet
Comment: Probably.
Comment: Watching the match, with this squad definitely. Need to defs sign some key players that can change a gsme
Comment: They've been promoted 4 times in 9-10 years, incredible achievement and great managing if a team. 
I think they have a good chance to stay in the league but they will be in the relegation battle for sure.
Comment: I wouldn't put money on staying up or going down tbh. Forest, Bournemouth and Fulham proved that newly promoted teams can find a way. 

I tell you something. If Luton stay up with their meme of a stadium I will forever mock the club that goes down in their place.
Comment: Yeah, there's definitely a big chance they go down next season.
Comment: No tbh as a Brentford fan being that small the league and other teams honestly don’t bother even knowing your players and it’s a huge help for a while
Comment: I hope not. They really need to find some hidden gems for cheap if they can stay up. I wouldn’t recommend the Forest method of spending a lot on a lot of players. But they definitely need a few players. It will be interesting to see how they perform on the road. I think if I had to bet on it, they’d go down though. I’m pulling for them to stay up.

Comment: Makes the draw worth it
Comment: Loved that for Díaz
Comment: I hope it all works out for him
Comment: Put a smile on my face when I saw him score. It's a draw but it could have been a loss. Hope he gets his dad back home and safe
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Nobody liked that

Comment: The Luton fans booing are going to feel very stupid when they watch it back and see the ball hit Alvarez in the face.
Comment: anyone see the two footed studs up stomp get no card that's certainly a call
Comment: Luton forced City to play a gritty and physical game which isn’t City’s forte. They played to their strengths. But what City has, is a winning mentality. They slogged it out and held on to their lead in the end. Fair olay to Luton for troubling City that much and making it a close and entertaining match.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: He’s so average
Comment: He’s so shit lol

Comment: *Defender not Defendee
Comment: It must be nice to sign someone. From a Blades fan.
Comment: what are the odds in bookies for luton to get lowest points tally in PL ever ?
Comment: Good signing for Luton, looked tidy for Barnsley from what I saw. This sort of thing has got them here in the first place too.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: haaland will enjoy in the town
Comment: That should help them secure premier league survival 😂

Comment: Equalising, then winning from two goals, neither having come from a Luton shot, is a proper Luton shithouse of a result. Tom would have liked that 🤣

I particularly liked Doughty getting harassed at corners by some fat Yorkshireman, then him coming back and shutting him up. Great fun. Missed stuff like that from the EFL. Not missed the racism though, which I think might have been what Morris experienced towards the end there.

So looking forward to Chelsea now.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

