Comment: I watched the first half last night. After 4mins they were 4-1 up on aggregate, 5-1 a few mins later

That's going to kill the atmosphere a bit straight off. A lot of the big European atmospheres are fueled by the fear and tension of the night when it comes to knockout rounds, I've been to many of them

I've seen incredible atmospheres against the likes of Roma, Barcelona, Man City, Real Madrid etc at Anfield in recent years because of how the tie was truly in the balance

However, one year that we got to the final we played Porto in the RO16 and we were 5-0 up on aggregate after the first leg and the ground was DEAD for the 0-0 home leg.

There was no need for rabid impetus in chants and cheering. It just petered out 

Same last night. Game was done.

Add to that City's boring possession football (not meant as an insult just how it is) and the fact that Copenhagen like many away fan bases of that size recognise that they're already out and want to enjoy their moment and it was completely understandable for Copenhagen fans to be making more noise

In the group stages of the EL, Union SG, LASK and Toulouse fans all outsung Liverpool fans at Anfield this season, a ground famous for European nights. But there was no danger. Those away fans just wanted to enjoy themselves and fair play to them. Liverpool fans were shocking, really disgraceful, but that's just what happens when there's no danger in a game
Comment: They have very old and very young fans. Not many loud 20-something year olds.

Tbh even some stands at anfield have the same problem with too many elderly people not passing on their season tickets; which kills the overall atmosphere a bit.
Comment: Without resorting to the ‘haha no fans’ I’d bet it’s because the fans are now accustomed to getting to these late stages, deep cup runs, challenging the league every season that a ‘mundane’ game like kopenhagen isn’t going to muster up much. It’s dreadful yes but let’s not pretend like Liverpool vs Rennes or whatever is screaming the roof off because they’re from a similar vein now
Comment: Man City only have 115 fans actually. If you search Man City 115 you can learn all about them
Comment: I think it has become more of a league wide issue, pricing out most of the die hard fans and having 30-40% tourists kills the ability to get loud chants going.
Add to it that City had been the smaller Manchester Club for the longest time with a smaller fan base you will amplify that issue
Comment: Manchester City have more FA breaches than fans.
Comment: Have u watched a city game?

Most of it is just them hogging the ball & playing it safe until one of their players show’s beautiful world class ability & score or gets the ball to haaland.

They’re just a bit boring? That doesn’t feel like the right word cause of how efficient and good they are, but still.
Comment: I know this may be a hard concept for you chronically online guys to understand, but if majority your local fanbase is working class, and the games in a span of a week are a derby, Copenhagen and a title decider,I know what people are budgeting their money to watch
Comment: If I speak I’m in big trouble
Comment: Its not just Man City, I would say its most premier league clubs in general now. The Premier league is the most popular league in the world and because of this its attracted tourists from every continent.

  
The local supporters who supported their teams since young have all be priced out of tickets. Even as  Liverpool Fan it frustrates me as it feels near impossible to get tickets and when tickets are available they cost over £100 nowadays and I only live 20 minutes from the stadium.

I remember just about getting tickets for Liverpool v Man City in the champions league quarter final and a group of tourists in front was wearing Manchester United merchandise...
Comment: City is well known as the place to try to get tickets if you're from out of town because they have availability.


The loudest stadiums are the ones with the most devoted supporters.
Comment: They're 6-2 up and strolling against inferior opposition. It's a very appropriate reaction.  I can guarantee if they went mental and pretended they just won the champions league you'd be doing a carragher asking why the fans are going mental. 

Real madrid last season at the etihad was described as the most hostile atmosphere real madrid have experienced in decades. The real madrid media said this as did the real madrid players and they have played in more big games than anybody so I'd be inclined to trust their word over the armchair perception from tv.
Comment: Nobody really supports man c. 
It’s just cool to follow a winning team..
Comment: Ngl, as a Liverpool fan, the past couple city games I’ve watched the crowd has been loud as fuck. Tbh I only watch when they play “big teams” but still. I remember being noticeably annoyed because I too like the emptyhad memes
Comment: All the city bias aside, the real madrid media did say Madrid faced one of the harshest atmospheres in recent years against city. Even the game against arsenal last year was electric.

This whole emptyhad and no atmosphere narrative is a decade old. Even the recent photos of empty seats in the derby being circulated was actually that of the away stand.

Not saying city has the best atmosphere in england, but the atmosphere is great during the big games. Even anfield is overhyped, but is generally quiet after signing their songs.
Comment: This sub is priceless lmao.
Comment: Watching a City game is like watching the mechanisms of a finely tuned clock. The intricacies of every little movement are breathtaking to view, but you know exactly what the outcome will be so it’s not that exciting.
Comment: Tickets too expensive, real fans are at the boozer. Same with Spurs, know so many previous season ticket holders who had to surrender them for cost reasons and now fuck up pubs around Tottenham.
Comment: Unfortunatly for City and their good fans, I think they have a lot of new fans coming to the matches. They are also a bit spoiled.
Comment: A workmate is a city fan, season ticket holder who’s lived in Stockport his entire life. 

The impression he gets is that about half the support there are tourists. 

Don’t get me wrong, I’m well aware east, some south and Stockport are full of city fans. I’m not sure what their season tickets cost, but if they were affordable I have no doubt they could fill out the Etihad. 

But city don’t have fans outside those areas, they just have people who have jumped on in the past few years who have no particular passion or love for the game, so why would they make any noise? 

If city want atmosphere, they realistically need to drop their season tickets to about £300 and only sell them to people within 10 miles of Etihad.

Comment: How about the unbiased perspective of City (and Chelsea) fans that they somehow didn’t spend their way to the top and aren’t winning because of money.  Its the air of arrogance from City and Chelsea fans that their success is somehow similar to what Liverpool did in the 70s and 80s with Daglish, etc., or Ferguson with Man U, or Arsenal with Graham and Wenger.  

This argument that City (and Chelsea’s) money didn’t buy success is easily rebutted by the fact that neither were close to title challengers until they were bought out.  I mean Chelsea was at least 6th ish on average in the years before purchase and has a 4th place finish before  their initial spending spree that saw them jump to 2nd immediately after Abramovich bought them.  Manchester City had several bottom half finishes in the 00s and then went mid-table in the first year after splashing cash on Robinho.  Then proceeded to be in champions league ever since.

7 of your 8 top flight titles have been in the decade where you spent amongst the top.
Comment: 115
Comment: Same thing happened to when Chelsea got bought too. Maybe not to the same extent because they weren’t as dominant. Just wait. Pep will leave eventually as well as the squad changing and there will be off years. When Newcastle wins their next title, the cycle begins anew.
Comment: City ruined football.
Comment: For me personaly i just dont believe team like Man City or PSG are okay with FFP. They spent 100+ mil almost every year on new players selling basically no one or for small price and somehow they are able to pay astronomical wages to the players and somehow are okay in their books? Ofc people hate them because every player goes there to collect huge paycheck. Just looking at data from past 10 years. Man City spent 1,7bn on incoming transfers. Received 700 mil in outgoing thats total balance -1bn and this doesnt include wages and bonuses paid to players. If data are correct then Man City spends 183mil per season on wages just for players (without bonuses). We all know both man city or psg dont have biggest fan base or stadium attendance. So the marketing, shirt sales and stadium ticket revenue is out of the question. So again from where are the money comming from to keep them under the FFP. There is something shady going on there imo.  If you compare it to Real Madrid for example they spent 1,14 bn in last 10 years and received 1,01bn for transfers giving balance to -131mil thats believable and sustainable business model. So my issue with clubs like Man City, Chelsea, United, PSG etc etc is that they spend big without even trying to look okay in their books with 0 consequences from FIFA.
Comment: Not a city fan here just to clear before I put my words in. The fact that city is being hated or disrespected the most should never be talked about with regards to money. I have been watching football since I was 5 or 6, to be more precise since 97 or 98. There was money that time too, all major clubs used to spend money, and a crazy amount of money at that time. Inflation has taken a major role here. So it was obvious as the clubs started to see success, fans started to get in. Especially the case for ManU, Arsenal, Liverpool. Then came chelsea with the financial power and they invested in managers and stadiums and some good players. And thus they started to accumulate fans. That's when the FFP came into picture since Chelsea's foot forward started clubs to spend more than their income and was resulting in other clubs always being inferior. (But FFP was introduced in recommendation of major clubs that time, so it's still debatable whether that was for actual fair play or just stop teams suddenly emerging and take the legacy out of recognised clubs). Anyway, coming back to the topic, City at that time was in muds, even with the whole scenario with Thailand PM. But when the Sheik bought city, the first few things were to invest in managers, staff, stadium and youth academy. This was the step that led to their success. By this time, every other club was spending almost the same amount of money that other clubs were spending. They just were spending on the wrong set of players and the staff of city was investing in the correct players. That made the difference and when city started getting the results, their fans started to rejuvenate and coming back to the club after all that horrific up and down in championship, premier league and league one. We still see clubs like manu spend money on Antony and Chelsea I guess is the leader in the spending market. But people will always talk about city only because their success is visible. Had this been Chelsea, people would have said the same about them. Arsenal have spent a lot more this year, and in case they win, did they too buy the league? 

The next part comes that they don't have fans or legacy, when it comes to fans, go watch a city match on weekends. You'll see the crowd. Last year the atmosphere around the stadium for city vs real was crazy. And my god, I must say it was hell for Madrid that day, not talking about the pitch but the fans. So yeah, neither did they have plastic fans or no fans at all. They're quite good in number and the number have increased. Now, you'll say that they are there because city is winning. Yeah, that's true, that's how the fanbase is made or even legacies are made. No youngster would have supported United when they were just starting out, same goes for Liverpool or Arsenal. We all started loving a club either because we were born in that part of the city, or we saw them play or win (talking about foreign fans). So yeah, there is no point hating a club unless they're your direct rivals. But even if I'd have been a Man utd fan, I'd still respect city, because they too have history and they play good football. Not boring, good. If a team can keep the ball and frustrate the opponent then it's good football not a boring football.
Comment: Because their success is sheer chance. Their owners nearly bought Everton. 

The have also broken 117 FFP rules and get away with it because the FA is corrupt. The have cheated clubs out of titles because of it. 

Their fans are also shithouses and disrespect other clubs that have worked hard honestly and not had to cheat which is crazy given where they came from. Their fans are also absolutely obsessed with man united.
Comment: They're dominating domestically for half a decade, of course they're going to be hated. People hate what they wish they had, it's a natural coping mechanism and most people would love to have the best manager in world playing the best football we've ever seen in this country cleaning up.
Comment: Everyone knows they've bought it. 
Fact is they're boring as feck to watch. No mojo, jeopardy, joy or emotion in anything they do. Nobody wants to watch the baby blue robots except their tiny group of fans. I'll watch any football but I'll turn off a man city game through sheer tedium.
Comment: They are morally bankrupt cheats! 
I don’t mind loosing the league fair and square to anyone! But this is very concerning to any fan what they potentially have gotten away with! Only positive I can see is that nobody gives the slightest fuck what they win because it’s voided in peoples minds- if only unofficially.
Comment: One of the interesting things I've found about city is that although they are considered a 'hated' team most other premier League clubs don't actually regard them as being a major rival - even man united who seem to be stuck in the past and still regard them as the inferior team.
Comment: Because we are the best
Comment: Just want to say Bernado Silva is a great player. Hard to hate. Bernard and Kev De Bruv are formidable. Just need Robbie Winters to back them up. Get Snorbits up front.
Comment: City were nothing 20 or so years ago, battling relegation as Man United won most of not all the titles, but city did slowly climb up to consistently being top 10. But all of a sudden in 2010 and 11 City went up to fifth and third, next year even winning the title next season. They went from being mid table to contending for it in just a few years! A second reason is Man Utd fans, I still respect them as I would any other club but I have to say most are arrogant as f*ck. When United wins a match only then they bring this level of arrogancy, even if the refs get things wrong or helps united like VAR, and when they lose they blame it on everyone else. They take things to a whole new level when it comes to hating the other club of the derby as well. United also has a lot more fans than city because of it's rich history. And if a City fan is spotted by an United fan, they are frowned apon. They bring on things like oil money despite them spending more on transfers the past 5 years, and wanted Qatari Sheikh Jassim to buy their club, essentially making them hypocrites. They also use "115 charges" which they say every, single, time when they are losing an argument.
Comment: People like to complain and people like something/someone to direct their whining towards. If it wasn't Man City it would be something else, maybe if they directed their vitriol towards politics the world would be a better place.
Comment: Jealousy.
Comment: People hate on Man City but they aren’t nearly as hated on the level of Manchester United or Chelsea.
Comment: City fan here... been wondering the same thing.  The academy has produced Phil Foden, Cole Palmer, Oscar Bobb,  Rico Lewis and others are in the wings.  They're helping the sport overall.  Then you look at Barca, Chelsea, United... the money doesn't guarantee to buy a top team.
Comment: Many of man city's good players didn't cost as much as people make out so man city do have lots of succes without money. 100 mil got us grealish who does nothing and investing in the academy got us FWA player of the year foden so money isn't everything for city.
Comment: 1 goal or 1000 goals they're still cheats

Comment: Yes there is a possibility - there's also a possibility they could get a slap on a wrist and a small fine. We have no idea until the independent panel finish their deliberation.
Comment: Personally, no

If anything comes out of the city investigation, will be a very big fine and a possible half a year or 1 year transfer ban.

They ain't getting a points deduction. They won't be chucked down the leagues.
Comment: The govt won’t allow the prem to upset the UAE, city will probably get Everton’s deducted 10 points added on
Comment: If there is justice in the world, yes. 

But we know the answer to that one.
Comment: 8 point deduction, but only from matches they’ve already lost points in this year.
Comment: The Everton example seems to suggest something big will happen. And Everton’s statement pretty clearly says they will be looking at it very carefully and if there isn’t a commensurate sanction it would create the possibility of Everton suing over their punishment. And Everton’s abuses are pretty tiny compared to City. But I live in hope.
Comment: I don't see how there couldn't be something quite seismic on the way based on the Everton thing
Comment: Most be soulless experience supporting them.
Comment: Juventus were relegated and stripped of titles due to match fixing and paying officials for favourable outcomes.

There is zero chance they will be stripped of their titles or auto relegated.

Fines, points deductions and transfer bans are almost certainly the extent of any punishments they will receive if found guilty
Comment: Are they gonna give Sunderland, villa and Watford the cups they lost to city in the finals for?
Comment: We are more likely to see the Epstein client list before we ever see Man City get actually punished for breaching FFP.
Comment: It's possible. No idea how likely it is at this point.
Comment: External regulators are getting involved so to me that puts a lot of pressure on the higher ups. Everton getting punished might’ve set a precedent
Comment: It’s man city cmon. Of course nothing will be done about it. I mean hell just look at the favoritism in the league with VAR
Comment: City will get a points deduction. 

It just won't matter. 

All that will happen is one season they won't win the league.
Comment: Juventus we're caught red handed paying off refs to cheat in games..... different circumstance
Comment: No
Comment: If MC gets away with their numerous violations after what happened to Everton just with a minor slap on the wrist, I'd lose all of the remaining fate in this competition.
Comment: I can see a result of "Insufficient evidence to proceed" months, maybe years down the road. The blazered old farts will shrug and let this nonsense continue. I read the other day that Guardiola is not employed by City. He is employed by a separate entity, and merely lends his expertise to the club. This gets his £20m salary off the club's books. This I just one of the hundreds of cheats they perform to flout FFP rules.
Comment: No … Mideast owners, FiFA clearly loves the Middle East, so nothing will happen to them

Comment: It must be so frustrating for them. Back home they’d just behead everyone.
Comment: What’s untrue about saying that Manchester City (Nationalised Property of the UAE as a wing of their Foreign Policy branch of Government) is currently under 115 charges by the Prem for breaching rules, also commonly known as cheating…

Are they disputing that they’re under investigation for 115 charges, or that breaching rules is cheating?
Comment: First they are gonna remove this news from social media and then from football and with time people will forget. And then shitty city fans will ignore these charges like it never existed. Nice tactic.
Comment: We cheat, but if you talk about it, we'll sue you! Lol. Sooner that club disappears down the leagues to their rightful place, the better for football.
Comment: You mean a club run by to totalitarian state that executes people for protesting for democracy doesn’t take kindly to criticism? 
Comment: It's about what's in your pocket. In this country you are innocent until proven poor.
Comment: MANCHESTER CITY HAVE ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTEEN CHARGES FOR CHEATING AGAINST THEM. (and are a bunch of piece of shit club)
Comment: They're basically using lawfare. They know it's bollocks and wouldn't stand up in court, but that most youtubers aren't wealthy enough to legally challenge them.
Comment: Remember folks.   These ownership groups come from countries where free speech DOES NOT EXIST.

They are not accustomed to criticism.  Normally you would end up like Jamal Khashoggi and the problem goes away.

Now they best they can do is send letters to people because they can't be off'ing people.  But I am sure hentch men will follow.
Comment: So if theyre not allowed to mention the 115 charges, can they just pick 114 of them to focus on?
Comment: Fuck city. 115 charges of financial doping/CHEATING!
Comment: They should be kicked out of the PL and banned from ever entering again
Comment: do you reckon they sent out 115 letters?
Comment: I think it needs to become common for any comment talking about Manchester City to be signed off

~ 115 charges
Comment: Pathetic football club. If you can call it that.
Comment: How many letter did they send? 115?
Comment: Wow, that is pathetic, even for them.
Comment: I always wonder when the City supporters are gonna show up to defend their club in these threads but then I remember, they don't have any
Comment: I fucking hate both City and Chelsea with every fibre of my being. They've corrupted something I used to love so much.
Comment: Everyone on reddit, X etc should just refer to them as 115 instead of calling them Man City.

Comment: Correct
Comment: Yes.
Comment: Imagine that, everyone wants the rules to actually be enforced equally.

Insanity isn't it?
Comment: Wrong. I want them dissolved.
Comment: Pep’s facial expression screams “I just shit my pants and there’s nothing you can do about it pal”
Comment: Astute observation
Comment: No shit you dodgy prick
Comment: For abusing the rules of the game?


Yeah, that's how it should go. Honor and all that
Comment: City will not get punished because again they will not give up evidence freely and stonewall the premier League every step of the way and it will pay off. Everton were punished because they didn't hide it, Chelsea might be punished because they went to the premier League with evidence. Clubs will all catch on soon that it's better to hide your wrong doing and not be honest.
Comment: **From The Telegraph's Northern Football Correspondent, James Ducker:**

Pep Guardiola has claimed everyone outside Manchester City wants to see the club punished for alleged breaches of the Premier League’s financial rules.

The news last week that Everton have been docked 10 points for breaking profit and sustainability rules has thrust the spotlight back on to City, who were charged with 115 breaches of Premier League rules in February, but deny any wrongdoing.

Everton responded to the biggest sporting sanction in the competition’s history by saying they would “monitor with great interest the decisions made in any other cases” and Guardiola said he can “feel” the wider desire for City to be punished.

Asked if there was a potential sanction big enough to make him consider his future at the club, the City manager said: “It’s a good question. I will answer when I have the sentence – \[when\] I have the sentence. You are questioning like we have been punished.

“And in the moment we are innocent until guilt is proved. I know the people want it \[City punished\]. I know, I feel it. I will wait – wait and see and after the sentence has been done we will come here and explain.”

An independent disciplinary committee has the power to administer a range of punishments if City are found guilty of breaking rules, including points deductions, sweeping fines and the ultimate sanction of expulsion from the League.

But a defiant Guardiola, speaking for the first time since the Everton judgement, suggested he was much more likely to remain at City if the club was kicked out of the Premier League.

‘There is more chance I stay if we are in League One’“Absolutely I will not consider my future \[if\] it depends being here or being in League One,” said Guardiola, whose current contract at City runs until June 2025.

“There is more chance to stay if we are in League One than if we were in the Champions League.”

Guardiola claimed that some people had already made up their minds that City were guilty but stressed that City’s case was “completely different” to that of Everton.

City are alleged to have breached a series of financial rules between 2009 and 2018 and also stand accused of not cooperating with the Premier League investigation that first began in December 2018. Everton, who were charged seven weeks after City, were found to have breached PSR rules by £19.5 million over a three year period ending 2021-22.

But Guardiola has urged City’s critics to await a final verdict before rushing to pass judgement on the Premier League and European champions.

“When you read \[what is said\] then we should be relegated, relegated, relegated, yeah, of course,” said Guardiola, whose side face Liverpool in a top of the table clash at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday lunchtime.

“But nobody knows exactly. All the people who say that didn’t read the statements, don’t know exactly what happened. Not even myself, I didn’t read all the breaches, I didn’t read our defence.

“What I said a month ago, ‘OK, if we’ve done something wrong we’ll be punished’. But wait  – we can defend ourselves can’t we? What people accuse us of, we do not agree with what they say.

“We are going to defend \[ourselves\] and after the resolution is done, I will be here \[to speak\], like a spokesman for my club.”

**‘People are saying City – why don’t they go to the Conference’**

He added: “I want to say the case for Everton, and I don’t know what happened, but only I know from the lawyers and people at my club that they are completely different cases. That’s why you cannot compare because every case is completely different.

“The other one \[City\] is longer because it is more complicated because it’s 115 breaches. So wait. Then after with the lawyers from both sides present their cases in front of the judge and \[deliver\] the verdict and after I will sit in front of you and you can ask me the question.”

Experts have suggested City’s case could take between two and four years to be resolved. Guardiola has been told repeatedly by City’s hierarchy that the club have no case to answer and the Catalan said his view on the matter had not changed.

“Why should I not believe? What’s changed?” he said. “I didn’t change for one second my opinion about it – take time, wait and see what they decide and after we accept the resolution.

“I won’t say a word about Everton because I don’t know the reality of what really happened. I know when people are saying, ‘OK, City – why don’t they go to the Conference?’ Wait. And after what’s going to happen is going to happen.”

Guardiola said he remained firmly of the view that financial governance was important in football and rules should be respected.

“They decided to bring a regulation to make football more equal and the laws must be respected,” he said. “We are under scrutiny and I’m a big fan to follow the rules properly. If you do something wrong, you have to be punished. The game has to be regulated and Uefa and Fifa decide on FFP so I support that completely.”

Guardiola, meanwhile, joked that he hoped City would not be blamed for the Liverpool game kicking off at 12.30pm. The start time was moved forward from 5.30pm last month due to safety concerns, with Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp angry that his side must navigate another Saturday lunchtime kick-off immediately after the international break.

“I always have sympathy for Jurgen, what he says is right,” Guardiola said. “He is defending his club. Please don’t blame City for that as well! We are not involved! The kick-off \[time\] is not our fault!”

Guardiola hopes to have Erling Haaland fit for the game. The Norway striker trained on Thursday with “some niggles” but is expected to be available.

**Article link ⤵️**

[https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/11/24/pep-guardiola-man-city-charges-ffp-financial-premier-league/](https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/11/24/pep-guardiola-man-city-charges-ffp-financial-premier-league/)
Comment: Nothing get’s passed this guy
Comment: He’s got that look of “I know fully well what I’m doing, what are you gonna do to stop me?”
Comment: The state of modern football that actually enforcing the rules is treated as an 'us Vs them' matter.
Comment: Well, if you break the fuckin rules to gain success at the expense of every other team, then yes. Yea we do. You can't just do whatever the fuck you want and then just act all surprised when people want justice.
Comment: Turns out people don’t like systematic cheaters in sports.
Comment: Yep, and stripped of all trophies as well.
Comment: Yes. I want them obliterated.
Comment: Yeah because you have cheated
Comment: No shit.
Comment: Damn straight.

Comment: (Full disclosure - Everton season ticket holder here)

First of all, people need to understand that the 115 charges fall into 5 different categories, and not all 115 are comparable to the charges faced by Everton, Forest and Leicester. In fact, I think they only have **three** PSR charges that are similar, relating to 15/16, 16/17 and 17/18.

Based on the commission/appeal boards reports for Everton and Forest's cases, it's apparent that PSR commissions will now give a 'default' 3pt deduction for *any* breach above £105m. Next the size of the breach will be considered. No ranges have been defined, but the reports propose that breaches are considered to be "minor", "significant" or "major". Everton's £19.5m and Forest's £34.5m breaches have both been considered "significant" and have resulted in an additional 3pt deduction (Forest had their total deduction of 6pt reduced by 2pts due to the mitigating factor of them accepting the charge and cooperating to expedite the process).

So, it's reasonable to think that if City are found to be in breach, then they could potentially see a 6pt deduction for each PSR breach, so a possible 18pts.

With that said, commissions are considering 'aggravating' and 'mitigating' factors, which then can increase/reduce points for each charge. Until we see City's legal defence, it's hard to imagine what mitigating factors may be considered.

Additionally, the PSR charges relate to three consecutive seasons. This means that the 15/16 charge will look at 13/15, 14/15 and 15/16, the next charge will consider 14/15, 15/16, 16/17 and the final charge considers 15/16, 16/17 and 17/18.

That means there are overlapping years amongst all three charges, which opens up the issue of double jeopardy - something Everton will be arguing against with the 2nd charge that's hanging over them. If Everton are successful in arguing double jeopardy, then it will set a precedent for the City cases, which could potentially result in two of City's PSR charges being dismissed or reduced (16/17 and 17/18).

So, in theory, they *could* be sanctioned as little as 3pts for all three charges, or if double jeopardy is allowed and the commissions consider there to be aggravating circumstances, then they could face as many as 24 pts - the commissions have backed themselves into an arbitrary 8pt ceiling for a breach due to the '9pts for insolvency' sanction. They do not want to issue a sanction higher than this for a "lesser crime".

There is another scenario for these PSR charges alone. Forest's commission report stated that any breach whose size was considered "major" could face "very serious sanctions such as expulsion". Again, no range was specified, but if *any* of City's PSR breaches fall into that "major" category - let's for arguments sake say it's more than £100m - then they *could* face expulsion for that charge alone. There's no definition of expulsion, but it would suggest expulsion from the EPL to the EFL. Presumably if multiple charges result in expulsion, then they would drop down a league for each expulsion, so potentially down to League Two if all three PSR breaches are considered "major".

Additionally, as each charge will likely be addressed/sanctioned individually, there could be a mix of sanctions. It could be that City are expelled to the EFL/Championship for one breach with a points deduction suspended and applied when they return to the EPL (as is likely to happen to Leicester when their breach is heard).

All of this **only** covers one of the 5 categories.

They also have for breaches of UEFA's FFP rules for seasons 13/14 to 17/18. These could have implications including bans from European competitions for a fixed period of time.

IMO, these are the *least* of City's problems. The vast majority of their 115 charges relate the EPL effectively accusing them of outright fraud by deliberately failing to provide accurate financial and revenue information in their accounts. In addition, another charge accuses them of not providing accurate information around remuneration of their manager (ie, the acquisition of paying Mancini via other channels than his officially declared salary), and then a final category of charges around failing to cooperate with the EPL in terms of providing the right documentation.

These three categories are pretty much unprecedented under the PSR rules, so it's difficult to determine what sanctions may result from these as there are no real precedents.

What *is* clear is that the previous commissions determined that Everton and Forest's breaches were considered as 'sporting advantages' which is why point deductions were issued. IMO, I don't see these final three categories as providing a sporting advantage, so I don't think a points deduction will be issued for any of these. So, these categories of charges should be sanctioned in a way that significantly punishes the owners rather than the team/fans.

Equally, the previous commissions have also made it clear that they do not consider it reasonable to apply a fine to a club with a wealthy owner. Therefore, I do not see a scenario where a commission would look to fine City for any of these charges either - unless the fine was *so* significant as to make a serious financial impact/deterrent. I don't know if there's any legal way for the EPL to force the owners to sell the club, but replacing the owners may be the ultimate punishment for these charges.

Realistically, the rules/sanctions really are not fit for purposes given the scale of City's breaches even if they're only found guilty in 50% of them.

Either way, if each of the 115 charges are considered ***fairly*** and individually, then there's not likely to be a single overarching punishment for them, but rather a collection of individual sanctions, which may or may not include a points deduction.

***TL;DR*** \- City only have 3 EPL PSR breach sanctions comparable to Everton/Forest/Leicester's, and so may face anywhere from 6-24pts deduction depending upon how they're assessed and if 'double jeopardy' is taken into account.

However, the vast majority of their charges are unprecedented and could result in expulsion from European competitions and expulsion from the EPL (and possible demotion from EFL leagues too).

They are unlikely to have a single overriding sanction/punishment, but rather a collection of various sanctions, one for each charge they're found guilty of.

*Edit: Thanks for the kind comments about my post - just to clarify, this is all speculation based on the Everton and Forest judgements. City's case is mainly unprecedented, so it's impossible to predict what any punishment may be. However, it is clear that a simplistic view of "they'll get a 690pt deduction" is just* ***not*** *the case. Points deductions/expulsion will likely* ***only*** *be imposed for charges where a "sporting advantage" has been determined. Any other charge will likely receive something at a business/financial level rather than sporting.*
Comment: Make them play no one but Stoke and Millwall away, and only on rainy nights, for 115 seasons.
Comment: Personally I think given the type of charges, any punishment should relate to ousting the ownership rather than necessarily sporting punishments. 

If they’re found fully guilty, it’s shown that the ownership have knowingly broken the rules at a staggering rate and have absolutely no intention of running the club in a manner that has any respect for the integrity of the sport. 

If they’ve found guilty of having such a blatant disregard for the rules, why would there ever be any indication that they can be trusted moving forward.
Comment: Problem with doing a massive points deduction it will only affect the current season they get hit with it....so a massive point deduction this season, get relegated to the championship and start the season after on 0 points? They would just get promoted straight away. 

demotion like what happened to Rangers and strip whatever was won during the offending period is probably best result
Comment: Relegation to League Two and made to start at the bottom of the professional football pyramid. 

The number of teams that have been negatively effected by it extends to more than just those they beat to trophies. The loss of money for those that missed out narrowly on European spots, those that have been relegated and those that they beat in European competitions is no joke. 

They have to be found indisputably guilty of *serious* breaches of charges though.
Comment: Ban the owners from ever being involved in preferably all football, but definitely English is the biggest thing for me. 

I get most people are joking but getting rid of the club altogether is a punishment on the supporters not the ones who really cheated. 

Personally I'd say relegation to the Championship at a minimum, depending on severity of charges even lower leagues. And a definite ban on The City Group from English football forever. Also strip the titles.
Comment: Also added to my other posts…

A middle aged woman should ring a bell outside City and a crowd should shout ‘shame’ every match day.
Comment: 1) Relegation to non-league

2) All squad members to do 1000 community service with young people in Manchester

3) £500,000,000 fine payable to FA to support grass roots football

4) Demolition of Etihad and area to be turned into a theme park

5) Pep Guardiola to be painted as a clown and put in the stocks and pelted with rotten fruit
Comment: Force them to change their name to Man Blue
Comment: Players get released from contracts with full payment, titles stripped, relegated to national league. And the cherry on the cake, owners are forced to transfer the club to Mike Ashley, free of charge.
Comment: 10 point deduction to Everton
Comment: I seriously don't see how anything short of relegation from the professional football league. Systematic cheating to this degree should be punished in a way in which nobody ever thinks that it might be worth it again. It sucks for the fans, but I can honestly say that if my team ever cheats like that, I hope we're severely punished as well.
Comment: I think the only punishment is a 500 point deduction for Everton
Comment: Relegate them. You can relegate an extra team one season and bring another one in from Championship. Ban them from Europe and at least a 2 year Transfer ban. I'd like to strip them of all the trophies they've won in that time too but I'd rather just have an asterix over all their titles for evermore.
Comment: Obviously exclusion from the Premier League is a given, but that ought to be a drop in the ocean.

The Football League should not make room for them, and they should be forced to apply for a place in the regional leagues, at about the 8th tier or so.

Their owners should be forced to sell them, and all of their dodgy sponsorships should be cancelled immediately, and the FA overseeing and approving any further sponsorship deals.

This is absolutely not too much of a punishment for what they've done. They've cheated worse than any team in the history of football and should be punished accordingly.

But obviously they won't be.
Comment: Relegation

Would be funny to see Pep, Haaland, KDB, etc scramble out of their contracts
Comment: realistic: 10 pts deduction. transfer ban of 3 years. financial penalty of £2m per offense. Europe Ban for 3 years.

ideal: demotion to 2nd league or Championship, with an automatic point deduction of 10 pts upon demotion. financial penalty. forced financial contribution to grassroots football programmes in the Greater Manchester Area. Forced Sale of the team to a non-city state enterprise (no qatar/Saudi/etc). Sponsorship ban ( no sponsors of the stadium/team kits etc).

what will actually happen: nothing. the cunts will get away with it.
Comment: 5 second time penalty to Ocon
Comment: IF they are found guilty, then relegation is a must.  I would say at least a 2 year ban (meaning the EFL will give them a league 1 place at best).

Personally I would want the titles stripped, but not awarded to anyone else.  However, with the punishments already given out I think such retrospective action is too complicated for football.  Why strip a title but not relegate Forest for example... its very complicated.
Comment: Relegation, 1 charge is bad, 2 pretty messed up. 115 is a clear and blunt sign of no respect for the league. so RELEGATION.

Comment: Until Tottenham beats City.
Comment: It really isn’t over. City have dropped points this season and still can. It’s this sort of attitude permeating through clubs that can cause results to stutter. I am old enough to remember being 9 points clear of Man United and losing the title to them. It isn’t over until the fat lady sings. At the moment she is just cleaning her throat.
Comment: My brother is a City fan (since 2nd division) and had a Palace Villa double on today. Lifted £840, I'm absolutely sickened.
Comment: City will drop points. I’m certain of it

However, so will Arsenal and Liverpool.
Comment: Anything can happen, and Spurs away is a notoriously hard fixture for us. So it's probably not over.

But a great weekend for us, no question.
Comment: They've always struggled away from home against Tottenham in the Premier League. That's the last tangible hope excluding from fatigue from the UCL
Comment: Cheap posts from internet pundits. Anything can happen in the Premier League and right now it only takes one gameweek to change the standings.
Comment: It’s about getting second for when city gets stripped.
Comment: dont count your chickens before it hatches. 

but shame on arsenal and liverpool for not capitalizing when man city struggled in december. 

i absolutely do not want to hear "emtyhad" "cheaty or 115 charges" because liverpool could not do it even with a lively stadium and this is man city's weakest team in recent memory.
Comment: 115 missed chances
Comment: I actually thought we'd have beat villa at home yesterday no disrespect to them. I thought where we'd loose points would be spurs away or united away. Can't see city letting it go now.
Comment: Liverpool and Arsenal should release a joint apology
Comment: Cancel the rest of the games then, I guess.
Comment: A shame everyone knew deep down City we're going to win it again.
Comment: Yeah we both bottled it. Shame for Klopp but our forwards simply aren’t good enough. Edwards there for the rebuild, always next year 😂
Comment: When we fucked up, I thought "Well atleast Arsenal can win it". Apparently not, apparently we both suck.
Comment: To be fair I've not thought for a second that City weren't gonna win this season since about January.  You just can't beat the consistency of a squad like that.

Feels like the title race is a little redundant when you know they're going to have an asterisk next to their titles if the trial ever actually goes ahead.
Comment: It’s going to suck if we (Spurs) beat city and hand Arsenal the title somehow. I’d never want to throw a game though. Always have to play to win
Comment: The odds of City winning the league is 115-1 on.
Comment: The title race is very much over for Liverpool and Arsenal. Manchester City is very likely to win all their remaining games while Liverpool and Arsenal are likely to drop a few more points in their remaining games.

Comment: Taking De Bruyne off at 2-0 and having Stones play in that role was a mistake.
Comment: I'm neutral in this, is this comment section really what football fans are like these days or is this sub now just a cesspool?

There's not even any decent debates about the game or tactics, it's just one bad insult after the other, all regurgitated crap.
Comment: I know they were technically better in the second half, but I wouldn’t say they were GOOD. Doku was really the only highlight, and he only scored on a goal that Onana really should have saved.
Comment: United really wanted it more, pressed incredibly hard in the first half and put a lot of effort into defence in the second. IfUnited played like that week in week out the table would have looked quite different this season.
Comment: Man Utd’s formation was designed to try and overwhelm City’s nearly unstoppable midfield while having enough defensive strength to stop any of City’s creators and scorers from getting in

And it worked mostly, I sadly missed the 1st half and while Utd dropped off a bit in the 2nd we still did enough to keep City out of it

GGMU!!
Comment: Yeah letting your players drink for a week was true tactical mistake
Comment: [removed]
Comment: His only tactical mistake was thinking subpar players like Kovacic and Rodri could cope with footballing giants like Scotty McTominay.
Comment: He does this in every final. They come out on top most times out of pure talent. He constantly overthinks and tries being the smartest guy in the room.
Comment: This was the City performance that Arsenal were waiting for in the title run in. But it was never gonna happen. More than tactics the City players looked partied out from the celebrations and burned out from the intense performance and pressure levels of the run in.
Comment: Imagine being tactically outdone by a manager who the British media often claim to have “no tactic”
Comment: Not changing that high defensive line after it was repeatedly exploited is crazy to me.
Comment: I think everyone in City was still in hangover mode including Pep lolol 

I think Pep was playing Bingo instead
Comment: City lost because Rodri has a weak mentality. He's also a coward.
Comment: Sent the bribes to the wrong adress?
Comment: No you didnt, just accept that erik outplayed you, no need to cope
Comment: Man City was beaten tactically; they did nothing until Jeremy Doku came on and then started looking very threatful, especially from the left wing which then led to missing those two big chances in the second half from Haaland and Alvarez, apart from that united looked in control for most of the game, it was personal for those united players they wanted it more than city, especially after last years defeat and got the deserved win
Comment: No worries City fans- the purse holders will just sell off a few falcons or lions, maybe hold a fund raising car wash or Two and you’ll be back in the saddle in no time.
Comment: Yeah he chose to wear a suit over his usual chunky turtleneck sweater
Comment: While i get that the "lol City" narrative is what people have been desperate to see, i thinks its doing a major disservice to ETH and ManU.

ManU had a very good game plan of absolutely packing the MoF, congesting passing lanes and pretty much surrendering the wide areas in order to keep the compact centre intact. It was a really good approach and should get a lot more praise.

Also, and ive been saying this like 2 weeks into the season, but City looked like a team thats running purely on mentality. Last season with the treble meant that they went far in every competition. This year they went far again and had the supercup and club world cup in top of that. Point being thats a lot of games and a very heavy load, and all year City has looked exhausted. Even today they just seemed like the last 2 or 3% that usually allows them to pull a win out of their asses, just wasnt there.

I genuinely think this was the most vulnerable City in Pep's tenure. I also expect them to re-tool the team and bring in some much needed depth to better spread out the game load.

Comment: Incoming everton points deduction.
Comment: 1) Apply a points deduction to a non-rich club with high chance of relegation, mid-season;

2) Ensure the appeal process goes beyond season end;

3) Watch the chaos unfold as relegated clubs don’t know whether or not they are actually related, and see the litigation costs run into the tens of millions because of the impact on every club in bottom five;

4) Hold a short inquest and conclude that points deductions, whilst suitably harsh, are unworkable due to the lengthy appeal process and the impact on all other clubs;

5) Fine City ten million quid;

6) Collect another ten million quid in a new sponsorship deal, as Etihad Airlines insist that they would love to sponsor the napkins at the EPL Christmas buffet.
Comment: This is going to be a 3 year wait for £100k fine isn't it
Comment: why would everton do this?
Comment: Everton will get docked 10 points for City's cheating 😂
Comment: I'll believe it when me shit turns purple and smells like rainbow sherbert
Comment: If they don’t strip every single one of their trophies then they haven’t gone far enough.
Comment: It will be announced on 30th feb
Comment: Luton getting saved by City getting relegated on the final day of the season would be nice
Comment: Just in time for the financial rules being changed so the punishment they would of got is ruled out.
Comment: They should televise the arbitration hearing. Probably amazing ratings.

Also it would clear up a lot of the misinformation around this.

Most of us (Including me) are too lazy to read the charges, but I would watch the arbitration hearing.
Comment: Just gotta wrap up some fresh charges for Everton first.
Comment: They're waiting to see how many points City win the league by. 

5 points? That'll be a 4 point deduction. 
1 point? £20 fine
0 points? 10 point deduction to arsenal
Comment: Finally, a clear and concise timeline, I was worried we'd get more ambiguity!
Comment: I'll believe it ~~when~~ if it happens
Comment: Punishes smaller clubs mid season, however will wait for City to win the league before a hearing is completed.
Comment: Obviously this will go nowhere.


They are okay with punishing poorer" clubs like Forest and Everton but nothing for the biggest offender that is in like to win an unprecedented 4th league title in row behind breaking rules.


This league is a shambles if Man City "win" it and start getting stroked for being the 1st to win 4 in a row ..when in actuality they should be getting at leasta  points deduction lime other offenders 
Comment: "We have reached the verdict... Man City are free to go and Everton shall be docked 20 points because LOL LMAO"
Comment: I’m going to hold my breath
Comment: Oscar Bobb will be retired and Endrik on his 5th Ballon Dor by the time this case is sorted

Comment: Pep is the canary in the coal mine, he'll be gone when the hammer is about to fall.
Comment: No it won’t
Comment: Really sad but not for me
Comment: Asterisk FC
Comment: Thanks, Phil.
Comment: 115%
Comment: For him maybe, but not for the league.
Comment: I'm sure your beloved dictator can find a replacement.
Comment: Out before the FFP punishment assuming the EPL is ever going to bother to do anything? Whatever. Go already.
Comment: No it won't
Comment: The scene in their stadium celebrating their title win when it was half empty was actually depressing. Can’t believe it was real and wondered if it was an AI fake.
Comment: Speak for yourself Phil
Comment: Out before the charges come in, a good move.
Comment: No one really cares anymore, good job city u can win with an unlimited budget but you killed a lot of neutral viewers in the process. When you did the treble, I had 0 emotion or care to it compared to United in 99.
Comment: Quite possibly one of the most inane headlines I've ever read
Comment: I love this sub, they all say they don't care about City but then post multiple articles about them each day just to post the same comments in every thread.
Comment: Fuck me this sub is such a fucking childish cess pit
Comment: ETH should be free soon. Give him a go with that City squad and see what he can do.
Comment: Lol, if that will make you sad, then the number 115 will make you feel horrible then 😏
Comment: Topped all leagues.  He should coach the yanks before the WC starts just to see if he really can win with anyone

Comment: they’ll probably be losing their last game 2-0 in the 70th minute and suddenly turn up and win 3-2..

seen it before
Comment: Well, it's pretty rare for a team to win 9 straight games in the premier league and I wouldn't ever put money on anyone to do it. 

Unless it's fucking city and it's the last 9 games of the season.
Comment: I think Arsenal lose their two remaining games, City lose their three and Liverpool win the league.





Sorry, I said think, I actually meant pray every single night.
Comment: It'll be spurs. We are going to help ars*nal win the bloody prem aren't we. Classic spurs move.
Comment: City to lose to Spurs but only after Arsenal draw to United. They win the rest of the games and City win it by a point.
Comment: As a Liverpool fan, the answer is no, do not hold hope, hope kills. If there are less than 10 matches left and you need them to drop points, they won’t…
Comment: Away to us - but I do have a feeling Arsenal drop points to Everton on the final day. Especially if Dyche comes out in a tracksuit.
Comment: The prosecution legal team hopefully
Comment: Honestly no. End of season Man City are a completely different beast… as we learnt all too well in the 21/22 season
Comment: As soon as Arsenal lost at villa i knew we were done. Highly unlikely city stumble. Spurs have caused them trouble in the past but theyre garbage at the moment...no chance
Comment: 115 reasons why they probably won’t stumble
Comment: You can moan about 115 charges, you can hate him for being a bit of a knobber, but my god you have to hand it to Pep for being able to motivate his team towards a FOURTH successive title. That's just unreal
Comment: Yes. Tottenham are a bogey side for us. The number of times we've had bad results for them is just too high. Not to mention we're away, IIRC Guardiola has a terrible record playing away to Tottenham.

Definitely likely to win the league now, but Tottenham  are still a decent hurdle. Would be pretty hilarious if they ended up handing the league to Arsenal though.
Comment: If Villa lose to Liverpool and Spurs beat Burnley, then Spurs can go into the City game knowing it’s very possible they could still make a UCL spot if they win the remaining games. With Palace’s current form I think they will beat Villa at home on the final day.
Comment: Everybody talks abouy spurs bending to city, why nobody talks aboit united bending to arsenal?
Im pretty sure they wont even try tomorrow.
Comment: Careful now. You might get a cease and desist letter for asking this.
Comment: Nope. It’s hard to lose when you’ve cheated since 2008, cooked the books and give referees gifts in the UAE.
Comment: It's not impossible, but it's incredibly unlikely
Comment: Any Liverpool fan (like me) will tell you from experience if you're 1 or 2 points behind City and it's the final stretch of the season, they don't slip. It's pretty much over.
Comment: As much as I want it to happen as an arsenal fan, It very likely won't. Manchester City are on a 7 game win streak and face Tottenham and West Ham next. 


Tottenham are in a terrible form right now. they have lost their past 4 games (including Arsenal's 3-2 Win over them) But, Manchester City's Record At Tottenham Away is poor but City have already beaten Tottenham away this season In The FA Cup. I do not doubt for a second that City could beat Tottenham Again Away This Season.

As For West Ham, Manchester City has won 3 times in a row against West ham, and the game is at the Etihad, which gives City a home advantage, So I do not really see West Ham being able to beat City at the Etihad unless some sort of miracle/upset happens.





(I edited this cause you all started complaining and having a go at me for my original response and calling me a bot for no reason)

Comment: There is more chance I will find a very attractive loving girl who wants to actually marry me...
Comment: Alright they are relegated, what's next?

They will trash Championship and then win PL again?
Comment: Change the image to the owners.
Comment: Don't relegate them. instead, let them play a season in the MLS
Comment: Yes let their legal team drag it out for years after they get relegated, like they will if they don't get relegated
Comment: Definitely an Arsenal fan twitching as the title race opens up again
Comment: In the case that it's not fair on their supporters. That's what a punishment is. The club have done the wrong thing, and the club need to wear the fact that they let their supporters down. Just because the fans get impacted doesnt mean the punishment should be any less....
Comment: There is way too much money involved for anyone to do anything. If you have enough money you can get away with anything.
Comment: They need to be punished if guilty, sorry but a fine or a points deduction isn't gonna cut it, 5 year European qualification ban and relegation to the championship, so when they get promoted, they can't immediately qualify for any European competition
Comment: Yes, then we only have to be better than 2 teams
Comment: Not gonna happen. They’ll get a big fine, points deduction and probably a transfer window ban, but no chance of relegation, and anyone thinking that’s gonna happen is just stupid.

The Premier League are FAR too greedy to deliberately shaft themselves out of that revenue, too greedy to go and piss off the UAE and lose its investment in the Premier League, British Sport and Britain as a whole. Not a chance they’ll risk that financially and the Government won’t let them risk it politically
Comment: I have a feeling that we will have a lot off salt here in 2 years.
Comment: Can the mods do something about these posts? This is basically a Arsenal sub nowadays.
Comment: In ipl cricket, two teams were banned for 2 years for spotfixing by players and team officials. And the league had to come up with 2 temporary teams to accomodate those non guilty players and 2 vacant spots. Wonder what will done here if city is proved guilty.
Comment: If found guilty they need the book throwing at them. 

Sorry but anyone who ways relegation isn’t fair on the fans and players is a joke. Players will move on to someone who hasnt cheated the system for 13 years. Fans will have to show true colours and stick by the team. Will eliminate the we are here cause they’re winning fans.


Anyone who cheats the sport for such a long period deserves everything being thrown at them. If you cant keep to the rules whats the point in the competitions? 

You can look at the football league and some the clubs there have had big punishments for hardly anything in comparison. Why cause its a big Premier League team should it be different? Without breaking these rules whos to say they’d be such a strong team now? 

Imo the rules need to be tighter to stop future infringements too. Id have strict penalties for rule breaks written in. If you just give a fine whats to stop every other club following suit? Especially those backed by billionaires.
Comment: Come on you city! Time to win this league again!
Comment: Welcome to wrexham
Comment: Unpopular opinion but to stop this from becoming a bigger issue I do really think they need to throw the book at them. As in strip titles for offending years and send them down to national league with wage restrictions. Players aren’t going to stick around to help them fight for 5 years to get back to the prem so they probably won’t destroy as much as you think. I would say the same if it was my team.
Comment: If found guilty they need some serious punishment but knowing city they will get around it somehow and get away with nothing been done.
Comment: I know I'm not meant to say this as a gooner, but I have a bigger problem with City than Tottenham. The fact fans made a banner for a bloody lawyer solidifies this. All these mega money, oil owners remove some of the joy from football.

Comment: The mad bastard tried to run off a fractured eye socket lmao
Comment: It was a bad collision and he looked spaced out.
Comment: Made an excellent decision subbing him off. One more corner could have been even uglier.
Comment: Good on the team doctor who told Pep that Ederson had to come off.
Good on Pep for not even hesitating when he was told to pull Ederson off.
Comment: Ortega proved he can hold the fort this season, not worth taking any chances with concussion.
Comment: >Ederson did not have a concussion

Some positive news
Comment: Sad for Ederson but Ortega is quality. I’d be surprised if a big side doesn’t come in for him this summer.
Comment: They will still easily handle west ham at home with the title on the line
Comment: So your telling me we have a chance…
Comment: Can't play in the fa cup final? Hear me out
Comment: Meh, the reserve keeper will have to make what? 2 saves all game ? Wouldnt worry about it
Comment: Was there ever a replay of the collision? My coverage didn’t show one and I was curious what exactly happened.
Comment: Oh no. Cheating sports washing super oil club must use one world class keeper over other injured world class keeper. How ever will they cope.
Comment: I feel bad for Eddy, but the way Ortega is playing I’m not so sure this isn’t a good thing from a City fan’s perspective.
Comment: They've had 4 penalties awarded to them in the last week alone (gotta get that GD up as high as Arsenals). I think the ref will see them good.
Comment: Ortega ridiculously good, starts at most PL teams if I could be cheeky. 

But then so does Kelleher
Comment: Cited second goal keep is still amazing. But gove me a slivht hope in FA cup
Comment: It could be a blessing for City.

I would think Ortega is less likely to make a howler in those two games than Ederson
Comment: Can't guarantee we'll even get a shot on target anyway, stick Walker in net.
Comment: Ortega was going to play anyway

Comment: Cry about it 115 fans
Comment: As a loyal Manchester city fan since today, we need to sack Pep immediately!
Comment: Foden looks like he sells shit ten bags
Comment: Flat track bully Haaland done fuck all in yet another big game
Comment: Another big game, another disappearing act from Haaland. 

It's looking like he's just not a big game player.
Comment: Fuck off Citeh
Comment: Get fucked City.
Comment: Congratulations to Man Utd 115 times!
Comment: Almost like having more than half of your starting team matters
Comment: It pains me to say this but I’m rooting for united just like I’m rooting for dortmund. Underdogs always get my support
Comment: City bottlers got wrecked hahaha all their groupies (spurs, west ham, villa and the rest) are in the mud but football won today. 

Is the fa cup a major trophy this season?
Comment: Congratulations to United! Commiserations to the cheats
Comment: Lol i loved the Pep post match interview...the real bald fraud was about to get acid reflux on live tv lasted 115 seconds
Comment: Being two points away from not winning a single domestic trophy is quite underwhelming when you’ve allegedly had to be huge cheats to be in that position.
Comment: Hello conference league, at least we can complete the set I guess lol 😂
Comment: Fair play United. Out played City and deserved. Bruno fernandes MOTM for me
Comment: Media have sacked ten haag, he must be loving this
Comment: Ain't no way Kyle Walker is taking a moral stance and bitching to the ref about a man "cheating" 🤣
Comment: City fans forgot what losing is. I see complete head loss on twitter😭
Comment: United city and Liverpool all win something … poor Arsenal 😂

Comment: Welcome to Wrexham Julian Alvarez
Comment: he should leave for his future. Haaland is younger than him and I don't see him going up the pecking  order anytime soon.
Comment: If i was a premier league team, i would go all out for him rather than oshimen, sesko, openda (?). Id go for him over toney too.
Comment: 20/GA in the prem as a guy who isn’t even a bonafide starter. I know he got more game time this season due to haaalands injury but still.

A guy of his caliber shouldn’t be a benchwarmer. He would start for a number of top teams.
Comment: Am i the only one who would like to see him go to the seria-A? I mean Milan just lost Giroud, and him and leao could be a deadly partnership in a couple of years
Comment: Ultimate Carlos Tevez inverse?
Comment: I could see him going to Serie A. The Argentinians love it the plus there’s a few top level strikers leaving so he could slot in nicely somewhere like Napoli, Milan, or even Juventus.

I could see him taking a payday at PSG too though as they’re probably the ones most likely to overpay.

I don’t foresee him at Real Madrid. I just don’t think he would fit given the number of players ahead of him. He would almost certainly be relegated to a sub/occasional role which I think he’s trying to move past. I’d love to see him at Barca but we can’t afford it.

Don’t see him in Germany either. Too cold.

Could see him really anywhere in the Prem but don’t know who would shell out the cash for him. Maybe Spurs?
Comment: Remember that Pep doesn’t keep any player that wants to leave. If Alvarez really wants to be a starter at another club, he will definitely leave this summer.
Comment: Seen a couple comments sayings hes mid/not that good and just don’t understand where they’re coming from. Had he have been given the starting striker role I think he really would have thrived, but that doesnt detract from what hes done at city anyways. This season he got 20 G/A in 36 games in the prem, and 7 G/A in 7 in the UCL, majority of the time playing out of position. 

Wherever he goes I’m sure he will be a very good striker, with potential to be one of the best around Europe in the next 5 years.
Comment: He's good, deserves more time. 27 G/A in 43 games with Haaland starting over you often is very impressive. Wouldn't be surprised if Atletico or the type wanted him.
Comment: He’ll be a big signing for someone, they’re mad to let him go
Comment: A very convenient exodus at City
Comment: People calling Alvarez mid actually haven’t really watched him play or looked at his numbers. He’s a squad player producing at superstar levels. 

And with KDB leaving probably next summer (?) and Grealish hitting the cliff, I think he’ll get more responsibility in a front 4 built around Foden.
Comment: Hell of a striker who loves to play and press. Can fit almost any squad. Would be a pretty substantial loss for City
Comment: Arsenal could have used him ?!
Comment: He's too good to play the second fiddle
Comment: Be the next Cole Palmer Julian and reach your potential at Chelsea
Comment: Now thats intersting
Comment: Wish he was going to Arsenal honestly
Comment: Barcelona should come up to start the conversation of Barcelona to Argentina

Comment: 115 reasons this annoys me
Comment: Watch em enforce that rule the one year Everton get into Europe.
Comment: The rules don’t apply if you have enough money
Comment: These rules don’t actually mean anything
Comment: Why do they make a rule if they don't follow it? Just remove the rule then.
Comment: UEFA are getting double teamed by these filthy cheating Manchester clubs but they just don’t care. 
What’s the actual point!??
Comment: Did anyone expect any other outcome?
Comment: Dunno what you would even discuss nice and United, glazers own about 3/4 of United still, it’s not even comparable to the abomination that is the city group
Comment: UEFA are about as much use as a marzipan dildo.

What’s the point of putting rules in place if they don’t bother enforcing? Absolutely pointless.
Comment: Today I feel immigrant worker
Comment: I am a Chelsea fan but my understanding was that it affected United more than City due to the active role that Jim Ratcliff plays in Nice where although he only has a minor stake he has direct influence over football operations.
Comment: Shocked pikachu face when city batter Gerona 8-0 and incredibly Gerona opted to play there under 21s team
Comment: Because, because, because..... MONEY. Sporting decisions being made purely about money and not about the sport. Absolutely disgusting. How hard is to say, you're owned by the same people, you decide who plays and who forfeits but you ain't having both in. Leave the ball in the owners court. You've got til such a date to pick which club you want in Europe and if you don't pick only 1 club then both your clubs are barred. Very simple. But no, because why? MONEY AND GREED. Vile.
Comment: Well its Uefa, i'm not surprised....
Comment: More global conglomerates, less football clubs for their localities.
Comment: What a load of shit
Comment: City are a disgrace. Ban them now
Comment: I don't get how this doesn't bring the competition into dispute tbh. Obviously it won't happen, but if City Vs Girona was the CL final, Abu Dhabi will obviously want City to win, as they are the cornerstone and leading club in the City Franchise sports-washing project. Or if City and Girona are in the same group, is it 100% beyond the realm of comprehension that the Abu Dhabi representatives at the clubs gently nudge the management teams in the direction they want the games to go, or even just to go easy on heavy tackles etc? Even if it's something very minor, it's still an interfering element in the competition.
Comment: Surely it was never an issue for Utd. Ratcliffe own Nice, Glazers own United.
Comment: I know there was never going to be a way Manchester United will miss out on this after getting their FA Cup win. It's Chelsea they scorned so bad. 

Comment: And the crowd goes mild…

Bring on the downvotes
Comment: Klopp’s send off was a bigger celebration than City’s title win*
Comment: Something that’s being overlooked: Palace’s form in the last 15-20 games. They would’ve been in the hunt for a Europa League spot based on that run. Glasner is a fantastic manager.
Comment: Got to hand it to them, no matter what anyone says, there's some exceptional talent on show here. They've fought hard for the club in incredible circumstances, and even looked like they wouldn't pull it off at points. Some say they're too highly paid, but their legacy will be everlasting. 

City have truly assembled the best team of lawyers the game's ever seen.
Comment: Congratulations, Manchester 

• 54x Failure to provide accurate financial information 2009-10 to 2017-18.
• 14x Failure to provide accurate details for player and manager payments from 2009-10 to 2017-18.
• 5x Failure to comply with Uefa's rules including Financial Fair Play (FFP) 2013-14 to 2017-18.
• 7x Breaching Premier League's PSR rules 2015-16 to 2017-18.
• 35x Failure to co-operate with Premier League investigations December 2018 - Feb 2023 

City
Comment: That's awesome. Anyway, did you guys know that a cloud weighs around a million tonnes? Wild stuff.
Comment: "Dear Lord, what a sad little life, City. You ruined our season, completely, so you could win the league for a fourth time in a row, but I hope now you plan on getting some lessons in grace and decorum because you have all the grace of a corrupt oil nation that uses sportswashing to divert attention from their human rights atrocities."
Comment: I can give 115 reasons why it is a hollow victory
Comment: Delighted for them and their respectable underdog story.
Comment: I think what’s worse is the complete *indifference* to City winning the title. It’s just a “Whatever.” Until these charges are actually dealt with.

How can the FA dock points off other clubs for single offences when City have a book full?!
Comment: Another bought title
Comment: FC 115 win again, yawn, fuck off.
Comment: Manchester City, the biggest cheats known to football. Enjoy it cunts.
Comment: And nobody cared
Comment: Breaking news - Premier League announces a 3 point deduction for Man City following the pitch invasion at the Etihad.
Comment: .*

.*

.*

.*


Don't mind me, just getting these lined up for the future
Comment: And no one cares 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Comment: Bought and paid for......so who cares.

 Not a question.
Comment:  A great achievement right up there with Lance Armstrongs Tour de France victories.
Comment: Amazing achievement that has been tainted with the 115

Comment: Chelsea just decided to cut out the middle man this time
Comment: Chelsea are doing tax evasion by cutting out the Brighton tax. Smart
Comment: If he went to Brighton we’d be offering 150M for him this summer
Comment: Brighton also put a bid in last summer for Kudus, who went to West Ham. Imagine Palmer and Kudus ripping it up together.
Comment: So Chelsea would have gotten Palmer anyway but for a mere 170 millions instead of 40 odd millions?
Comment: Ok Brighton, now you can get him for 200m
Comment: Chelsea wouldnt be near the top 7 if it wasn’t for cole palmer
Comment: Still think 42.5m for Palmer is great business for both clubs, given he's first on the team sheet for Chelsea and he'd never start a game at City.
Comment: If he had joined Brighton. Chelsea would have bought him for 100m+ from them anyways.😂😂
Comment: Don’t wanna hear about it
Comment: I’m sure Brighton put together a £2M offer.
Comment: They cut out the middle man for once
Comment: Just fell to my knee wondering what could have been.
Comment: So you are saying Chelsea bought another Brighton player?
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Chelsea just decided to cut out the middle man this time
Comment: Arsene Wenger is that you?
Comment: That would have been some signing for Brighton.
Comment: Good on him for sticking with Chelsea. Even tho they are so unpredictable I think they show promise. He is in the right place.
Comment: he would of been injured in training

Comment: Take a year off then mate, enjoy it
Comment: The poor guy tries his best to earn some rest but the referees refuse to give him the cards he's due.
Comment: I think you need a rest too. Take the next 6 weeks off and come back fresh next season. 

In fact maybe it’s time for a move abroad. They say a change is as good as a rest!
Comment: please rest for the rest of the season
Comment: Rest until 20th May 2024 that'll sort you
Comment: Go fora nice little rest in Saudi mate, play at 40%, treat yourself.
Comment: 7 games should do it.
Comment: Anyone watch the end of the game yesterday, when camera is panning around focusing on players clapping to the crowds etc.


Honestly, when it showed Rodri (clapping to the crowd) I thought 'the guy is looking a funny colour'. I noticed it because he's usually got these sort of radiant good looks. Not yesterday.
Comment: ‘I’m tired, boss’
Comment: What a time to publish such article. Not yet boss. You have to still lose a few games in EPL.
Comment: Fabinho 22/23, Casemiro 23/24, next up is rodri 24/25
Comment: So do we from Man City winning the league, so go ahead Rodders
Comment: What about Phillips at West Ham? He could do a job
Comment: You're tired? Fuck you - The goat manager
Comment: Dude does look older than 28
Comment: Retirement would help solve that.
Comment: I’m tired Grandpa
Comment: Then rest ye bellend
Comment: If he ever got punished for his consistent fouling he'd probably get one
Comment: Only way Pep rests him is if he gets a red card tbh.

Comment: We can now move on from delusional "Grealish to Arsenal" takes
Comment: Good god that font is horrendous
Comment: Are those really the jerseys Man City is using this season? With the digital-looking numbers?
Comment: What number is Messi gonna wear now?
Comment: Did Pep make him get a haircut before signing the deal?
Comment: This is a high effort post. Picture with no links, title is Jack grealish Manchester city"
Comment: Hot take: this is good for Villa.
I understand why villa fans are upset, I'd be upset if Kalvin did the same, but I doubt that he would have made the move if city weren't offering a tremendous amount. Think about what 100m can do for Villa.
Comment: As a Man U fan, this is terrible fucking news😂
Comment: & the next day messi goes up for sale...City must be gutted...😂😂😂😂😂
Comment: I want to puke
Comment: I like how he sold out to a team he wished not to win, let’s just hope his wish comes true now that he’s there
Comment: The smile of a champ that knows he just signed in time. 

4D Chess, Mr. Messi.
Comment: Man city already has  buyers regret.
Comment: 100m on a bench player. Games gone.
Comment: If a villa fan calls him a snake, that villa fan is a wanker
Comment: Is he worth the 100m?
Comment: Really hope he shits the bed.
Comment: Sorry yeah Messi is free..my bad, but still Messi & his wages, city have the money but its alot even for Messi...psg I think will get him or he may even stay at Barcelona taking a pay cut, look how much barca have to lose I'd he goes...
Comment: 🤢
Comment: Good luck Josh Griffen, we’ll never forget you.

Comment: ROMELU I'M ON MY KNEES
Comment: IN BIG ROM WE TRUST
Comment: Lukaku pls , you're my only hope.
Comment: Inter, please.
Comment: Where’s Yaya Toure with his black magic to make sure they don’t win the CL? Lol

Edit. Turns out he wanted a Ferrari cake but only got an Acura cake. Makes so much sense why he’s angry.
Comment: They’re just an absolutely unstoppable force at the minute.
Comment: And after pep wins the treble his next ambition is to actually score at new WHL. With our defence it’s a miracle he hasn’t already
Comment: Gundogan deserves a statue, City wouldn't have made it without him
Comment: The double is excellent, a triple would be a dream. What an excellent season this is. Setting records the cherry on top. 

Come on treble!
Comment: we are all Inter next weekend
Comment: That would please their fan!
Comment: All you sad shits spamming asterisk or soulless are goofs. Man City are 10th in the league when it comes to spending in the past five years. Sure they have a lot of elite players like Haaland, De Bruyne, Rodri, etc. But so do many other teams in Europe. Their success is due to the terrific system they show time and time again.
Comment: Why is everyone not wanting city to win?
Comment: Amazing what an endless purse gets you
Comment: Flat track bully vanishing again in a big game
Comment: Where is rashford
Comment: City’s Treble > Uniteds treble 
They walked over their Rivals to get it
Pep > SAF … doesn’t matter about $$$
Fergie had more funds than any other team and United fans weren’t complaining then

Manchester is Blue and Uniteds legacy is over
“Eras come to an end” 
- Erik Ten Seconds
Comment: poor united gotta feel for them. SIKE, city really aiming for that treble.
Comment: I'm not a city fan , and the way they are funded, but money aside, you have to admit they are an awesome team and play some perfect football, it's not the players fault they are funded by oil money. They have an amazing coach and they play like a team full stop. I like watching them tbh. Start your down votes!
Comment: Yall should really stop hating and start embracing

Comment: Always rated Manchester United, Fulham, Wolves. Brighton,and erm

Spurs 😳
Comment: Enemy of my enemy, is my friend.
Comment: The allied powers
Comment: Maybe City have 115 charges because they’ve been planning a party for us all and they didn’t want to ruin the surprise. Wouldn’t we all feel foolish then
Comment: “Point to where the bald fraud touched you”
Comment: Surprised no Liverpool
Comment: It’s the Premier League avengers.
Comment: Ngl, this might end up being more entertaining than the Euros this summer 🤣
Comment: Liverpool are the ones with most to gain so don’t want to be seen to be the biggest protagonist’s! 
Have no doubt that Liverpool will join the party - FSG have always argued against the corruption of city!
Comment: The allies
Comment: City feel like Many clubs wish death upon them.
Comment: Liverpool to Man City : You'll never walk alone
Comment: Never thought I'd die fighting side by side with Arsenal
Comment: Spurs will bottle giving the evidence
Comment: There’s something about City where you don’t hear about anything unless it’s through official people. Former players rarely mention the club or even talk about their experience. Almost feels like if you sign you can’t talk about the club and most certainly the ownership.
Comment: This really is turning into a bit of a tribal free-for-all huh
Comment: #*Eastenders bells hits*
Comment: My new second clubs! Send these c u n t s down
Comment: Nice. I hope omar berrada has some damning evidence. Cheating pieces of shit.
Comment: The PL Civil War. Who will win? Who will bribe some people?

Let's see.

Comment: The amount of people getting on at Arsenal for playing exactly the way Pep’s City team have played every season to get their titles. Break up the play, make niggly fouls, avoid the bookings. Once again the double standards for the Gooners coming out because people don’t like the fact they’re still challenging in this league.
Comment: Look, I know it was dreadful viewing for the neutral but to stop City, robot and all, scoring one goal home and away is an incredible achievement
Comment: I'd be gutted having a nice day out in Manchester ruined by having to watch this game of football.
Comment: Haaland has a lot of flaws in his game. He is like the opposite of timo werner. He is excellent at finishing and getting into position to finish in the box. He is also good at pressing, But he isnt great at the other parts of being a strike.

Aguero was better than Haaland at everything else and Aguero would have found a way to influence this game a lot more than Haaland.
Comment: Lol the comments here are amazing. 0-0 is an excellent result for Arsenal, and 8 points from 4 games against Citeh and Pool is a fantastic haul. Sounds like most people here should stick to watching highlight reels.
Comment: I'd say after that, there surely can't really be much disagreement that the best CB in the league this season is one of the Arsenal lads. 

City's first blank at home for 57 games. In the 2 league games against Arsenal this season City have managed 2 shots on target. If you include the community shield, Haaland (scored 53 goals last season) had 0 shots on target against Arsenal. Best defensive record in the league.

Just a brick wall at the back.
Comment: I swear City play some of the most boring games of the season

Also, Doku is just a Belgian Adama Traore and no one can convince me otherwise
Comment: Good result. Liverpool, Arsenal and City will all be dropping points on the run in somewhere. Just have to stay in the mix
Comment: Who knew? A game with two Pep teams can be incredibly boring
Comment: Perfect for Liverpool
Comment: Embarrassing. Gvardiol the only one who looked like he gave a shit. Arsenal parked the bus and did well. Defenders were faultless. We hit our heads off a brick wall for 90 minutes. Lot of players who could do with a bit of competition arriving in the summer. 

Lewis did well in the circumstances. Doku was an improvement. Apart from that, absolute shite.
Comment: Arsenal porto’d them
Comment: Kdb hair is so funny
Comment: Snoozer, but absolutely ideal for Liverpool. 🤞🏼
Comment: Perfect
Comment: That has to go down as one of the worst games so far this season. Jesus dreadful
Comment: As a Liverpool fan it's almost a relief watching this and genuinely not caring what the result is because they can't both win.

Obviously a draw is the optimal result but i wouldn't put money on it.

(although in all fairness the actual optimum result would be the ground opening up and swallowing The Etihad)
Comment: How are people saying this was boring?

One of the highest quality of matches we’ll see all season and a true tactical masterclass
Comment: The most boring game of the season!
Comment: Great result for Liverpool but my god was that hard to watch.

Comment: Look at how quickly City’s side emptied out. Embarrassing. And City fans get so worked up when people say they have no/plastic fans. I mean look at it. After a 4-peat they just lose a measly FA Cup final(albeit to Utd), and they dont even stay on to applaud the team for their season. Absolute shambles of a fanbase. They don’t usually lose so no one sees this often but this is a prime example of the lack of anything from these City “fans”.
Comment: He deserves one more season. He just completely tactically outplayed Man City today
Comment: Imagine Ten Hag not being the baldest fraud in the stadium for a change.
Comment: Guy wins two trophies in two seasons and will be sacked lol
Comment: This is a team.that hadn't won a.thing in 5 seasons.
We've reached 3 cup finals and won 2 of them in his 1st two years.


Chasing quick results is what led.to.oir downfall to begin with.


You can see what he has got out of younger guys like Diallo,Mainoo,Garnacho and Hojlund....give him time




A celebrity oach with his track record at Ajax and now 2 trophies in 2 years at Utd deserves.more.time.
Comment: Sackable offense
Comment: Give him the job for life
Comment: Still hate Utd, but thanks for the $700 I won on my bet.
Comment: Even as a City fan, I can acknowledge that this must feel so good for EtH. He had his name dragged through the mud all season, and the board announced that they'll fire him days before the match. 

This win is his middle finger to the board and all of us. This is him saying, "find someone better".  And I think for MU, short of managing to hire Klopp/Pep, they won't.
Comment: It’s ok Manchester United fans have run out every manager. Soon they’ll run out of managers. And the fans will still blame the manager.
Comment: More major trophies in 2 seasons than that Lego head fraud Arteta has managed in 5+ years
Comment: There was only one bald fraud manager in the final today and it was never ETH
Comment: As a Spurs fan, I hope this result leads to Ten Hag staying on as Man Utd manager.
Comment: This isn't true, Arteta and Klopp both won the community shield(English super cup) the last 2 seasons against city. It's not very prestigious but still officially recognised as a major trophy.
Comment: Just superb from ETH, the way he set up was perfect today and United were incredible defensively. Awful first goal to concede but we were poor all match.

Surely he can't be sacked now, he's matched Arteta's trophy haul
Comment: Deserves another year he certainly proved me wrong
Comment: Deserves to keep his job
Comment: Man U management is atrocious. How is anyone supposed to build a successful team when you hire a new coach every year and then buy him 3/4 players that he wants just to fire him at the end of the year and stick all those players on the next coach
Comment: He is now the third most successful manager in the PL era behind Ferguson and Jose, and will probably be sacked anyway 🤣
Comment: It's good that the team won and managed to get into the Europa league . But this season was horrible and the man himself acknowledged it . 

Let the coming season play out and then we can judge him . 


Idk man honestly I felt really bad when I saw him having to answer question after question asking him if he was going to be there the next season . It's a disgrace how the media have treated him . I can understand the banter from rival fans and the frustrations of the United fans but this man needs an apology from the media. I don't know what else to say . It was just sad and disheartening to see this man go through the farce . He deserves better .

Comment: It’s like when you Center align something in Microsoft Word and you fuck it up and everything ends up being Center aligned
Comment: Basically looks like a t shirt, not even much like a sports top
Comment: They've made a kit so bad it makes three elite athlete millionaires look like absolute dorks.
Comment: Aston Villa away kit
Comment: Why do they look like they slept in these and just woke up?
Comment: The latest in a long Puma tradition of mostly making kits which look wank
Comment: thats just awful
Comment: If everything wasn’t center aligned this wouldn’t be bad, but with everything stacked on top in the middle this just feels…off.
Comment: Lol. Bought Grealish and all he has given then is some claret in their kit
Comment: If they are going to follow a design, why is the keepers shirt following the old design of having the crest on the upper left chest?
Comment: I know everyone hates it, but I really like this kit :(( 

Love that the badge is in the middle
Comment: Puma really is so shit at making football shirts
Comment: Nasty stuff, Gk kit is at least half decent
Comment: Puma really know how to ruin things. First the ugly third kits they spread across Europe, now this. I see what they did, it's the exact same template, just replacing the text with the actual team logo, and the rest stays the same. And why have they gone for centre alignment again for the players?
Comment: KDB looks like some fan at the pub
Comment: bruh... i really dislike this ngl
Comment: We must rise the Champions League cup with this kit
Comment: Why has KDB got trousers on?
Comment: Nice to see puma rehash the kits 🤣
Comment: You've got red on you

