Comment: “Recently”? Some of us have hated them for decades.
Comment: For my age group it's because we had to watch them win ecerything...all the time.
Comment: Biggest club in the UK (Probably the most supported as well)

The media makes money by people watching, reading and clicking on there stories 

Negative/controversial news always attract more people

Man Utd are an easy target
Comment: I'm middle aged, and it's a combination of their incredible dominance for such a long time, and the smugness and derision of a certain demographic of their fans. They were amazingly frustrating to watch, and i imagine amazing to support. So through that lens, everything got distorted, as it tends to with football: Fergie's aggressiveness became arrogance, their physical game became verging on rulebreaking, their success with scouting made it feel like the other clubs had to fight over their scraps, and on football forums their fans were all entitled trolls. And overall, their response to the decay in fortunes, once Fergie left, was like an extended tantrum. Add to that the financial might they had, and the way they responded once other clubs started getting serious wedge, and it just got uglier. 

But you could swap them out for any team. It's football. We're all a bunch of tribal hypocrites, deep down. We might individually be the nicest people going, but the the seriousness and intent of a tackle in our minds completely depends on which of the sides we support.

Fucking hate them.
Comment: It happens with every club when they spend big on a player. Media pull stats to show how many of such signings have failed in the past unless the profile of the player is huge. And since United haven’t been reaching the heights of what they used to be, this gets emphasized more.
Comment: Cos fuck em that's why
Comment: It's because of Fergie, refs were scared of him so were constantly spineless when it came to dishing out fouls, cards etc, plus tonnes of unwarranted added time. They're successful as we know them because refs wouldn't punish them for stuff.
Comment: 1. ex-players are cunts
2. they won a lot
3. annoying glory-hunter fanbase
Comment: Anyone who grew up in the UK around the 90s who didn't support United has good reason to dislike them. They probably were the best team on paper but people long suspected them of cheating.

Take your pick;  extra stoppage time when losing(Fergie time) extra penalties, free kicks in their favour. Stonewall penalties and free kicks not getting awarded against them. Same with yellow and red cards. They also bought the league long before the likes of Chelsea and City.

Years later we find out that the chief executive(something like that)of United was in fact on the board of directors of the premier league. Referees confirm that they were scared of Ferguson because, he could fuck their careers. Confirmed he would ring them before games to intimidate.  

No one hates them anymore because there shit .
Comment: They are by far and away the most well supported English team, and are likely only behind Madrid and Barca in terms of worldwide fan base. I had to watch them win everything as a young fan and seeing them toil in mediocrity would’ve been so much sweeter if Chelsea wasn’t in the mud right now
Comment: Hated. Adored. Never ignored.
Comment: That is football for you - often you see fans of a club use more energy on hating the opponents than caring about their own club - especially successful clubs like Man U -I think u/Cantona_299 expressed it very well
Comment: Because people had to watch them win everything growing up ! Don't know what you mean about delusional takes though all fanbases have those nuts
Comment: Well the “recently” thing is false. There are tons of people who’ve hated them for years.

The fans are right up there with the most delusional fans on the planet. The very fact that people on this earth exit that think Bruno Fernandes is a better player than KDB proves my point. Also they all live in the past. They all act like they’re the second best team in England despite quite literally not being too 2 at anything other than squad value or net spend.

They also just have a habit of signing babies. Yes they’re solid players, but people like Bruno and Alexis Sanchez make you want to punch them every time they play.
Comment: The media thing is just untrue obviously, your post history suggests you’re a utd fan so that’s probably why you incorrectly feel like utd are targeted by the media. If anything utd benefit from being the most successful team when the money and media really jumped into football in a much bigger way, so they are still the darlings of English football in the eyes of commentators and pundits. 

For the reason fans hate them. The main reason is probably because many of us had to grow up seeing them win everything and outspend most clubs, so same reason city is hated today. Then as a top 6 club there is that whole ‘divine right to win the league and should be up there’ thing that irks a lot of people. Then you have the fact they spend an absolute metric sht tonne of money which again will irl some people either out of jealousy or some believe it’s ruining football.
Comment: United stories get clicks.
Comment: Every fan base always thinks it’s them against the world and everyone is out to get them but I don’t think Manchester United are more hated than the other teams
Comment: https://pbs.twimg.com/media/F2YqurEXMAAy9Oa?format=jpg&name=900x900
Comment: Other than the favoritism they faces when SAF was there, any team who wins all the time is going to get a lot of hate regardless of sport.
Comment: As a united fan myself for the decade or so, we can be a bit intolerable when we are on a streak or a player is on fire we can make some interesting takes (I.e. rashford is the best player in the league and Martinez is the best cb in the world). Sounds pretty stupid but most of us are  desperate for any United success.

Comment: Best news all window, glad he’s gone
Comment: It’s the right decision by United
Comment: Why some people at man utd thought it would just work out fine with him coming back is beyond me...
Comment: Insane thing is that had his victim just went to police with the recording and not social media there may have been a way back for him. 

The court of public opinion really does trump the actual court of law in some cases. 

I guess he will find a club abroad where a club would have sponsors that don’t care for any public backlash.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: The Athletic Masterclass here 

Had the club skewered
Comment: I hope they don't want a pat on the back for this, they've only got rid of him after testing the water multiple times to see if they could keep playing him. They have no shame.
Comment: I mean this is the least nice way I possibly can… fuck that guy
Comment: The fact that Utd had to be forced into this shows the incompetence of those on that board.

Good riddance Mason. Your second chance was not going to jail for domestic and sexual abuse.

We all know what you did
Comment: Its the right decision but the statement from united is embarrassing, almost defending him.
Comment: Thank fuck.. I can't believe people on Twitter were actually supporting him.
Comment: External pressure beat internal desire.
Comment: Man United somehow stumbled to the right decision. I am somehow surprised as to how they are so incompetent at both off and on field matters.
Comment: Hopefully he never plays again and ends up smoking spice in Piccadilly Gardens
Comment: Good riddance
Comment: See ya later cunt
Comment: Correct decision eventually. So much damage was done getting there though. They tested the waters and realised they were a lot hotter than anticipated. I find it ridiculous that they did that in the first place. Reality is that as long as that audio file exists, the redemption or forgiveness Mason Greenwood seeks will always be impossible for him, in this country at least.

In short, he can fuck off to Saudi Arabia. He shall not be missed.
Comment: Good. Sucks that it took backlash, but good they listened.
Comment: How can they possibly say “we believe he didn’t do it but we’re sacking him anyway”
Comment: Good riddance, Nigerian Twitter is now in shambles over the announcement.

His career is pretty much over in this country as any club that attempts to sign him would suffer from the same backlash as Man Utd were getting and the abuse from fans would be endless.

Comment: Sue-y
Comment: Note that I’ve also banned him from my house.
Comment: Ronaldo about to enter the "find out" phase after the "fuck about"
Comment: £500k a week lmao what an ungrateful twat
Comment: What an incredible way to throw your legacy down the shitter. I remember being so stoked when he decided to come back and now I can't wait to see the bank of him.
Comment: To be fair, any normal person would be sacked if they talked shit about their employer so Ronaldo shouldn’t be any different. Especially if it says something in his contract about not speaking bad about the club
Comment: I cannot believe Ronaldo has done this.  I knew he was a petulant diva (and alleged rapist) but I thought he would be smarter than this own-goal of an interview. (With Piers Morgan of all disgusting people...) 

He's trashed his connection with a club that ADORED him.  And now?  He's villain #1.  The fans AND the club never want to hear his name again.
Comment: All he had to do was wait a few months until his contract expired and left as a free agent, leaving his Man Utd legacy in tact and everyone would have respected him for his professionalism and thanked him for his service. 

Instead, he decided to shoot himself in the face, using Piers Morgan as his weapon of choice, all because ETH benched him for a few games. 

What a twat.
Comment: The interview was exactly the out United were looking for, they must be thrilled.
Comment: Not really a surprise.
Comment: SUEEEEE
Comment: Never once liked him as a player. Sure it was hard to *not* respect his skills, but hes always been a primadonna. If theres any player who thinks they are bigger than the club they are at, it was always Ronaldo, and now hes just being honest about that feeling. I guess now I dont really have to defend myself for hating Ronaldo at least.
Comment: When you look at what Manchester United done for Ronaldo and his career it must seem like a slap in the face. 

He’s 37, past his best and the team just play better without him. He could have been a real impact sub coming off the bench with lots to offer but instead hes walked away from before half time and now hes doing interviews with pierce Morgan - sad for all 

However he has lost a child and his mental health must have been effected it’s sad for all sides really not one wins here
Comment: He gonna get suiiiiiid
Comment: Lol I don't think he minds the fallout, I'm glad he went on with this interview
Comment: What’d Ronaldo expect ? Probably to be sacked and sued haha. It’s what he wanted… he’s not a fool he knows what he was doing and the club had no choice. The attitude is toxic
Comment: Funny to watch someone who sits in the top 3 in the world nuke their legacy. Should have just kept it shut, hope he enjoys his final games during the world cup. Cause even QPR ain't gonna want that egomaniac.
Comment: If united is successful lukaku better stop spending money.
Comment: The guy is making 500k per week, and yet here I am watching him complain to Piers Morgan and publicly declare that he has no respect for his manager. It’s pathetic.
Comment: This shit is what I'll remember Ronaldo for, far above his accomplishments. Not sure why anybody would wanna trash their own legacy, but this twat has done it.

Comment: Bayern will sigh him. It’s no coincidence Tuchel announced yesterday he will not come back next season despite negotiations to convince him to rescind the previous agreement of separation.
Comment: Should be an interesting rotation of managers, plenty of them becoming available now. De Zerbi, Tuchel, Allegri, Moyes, Potter, Conte, Mourinho, Rafa Benitez

Open Jobs: Brighton, Bayern, Juventus, Feyenoord, Milan, Napoli
Comment: People forget they lost Caciedo, McCallister and Sanchez, were hit with loads of injuries, and played in Europe did this season. Yet they are on course to finish in the top 10. Class manager.
Comment: I’m just saying, but Anchelotti went to Everton.. Tuchel to Brighton?
Comment: De Zerbi to Bayern
Comment: The man needs to bathe in the waters of the river Styx in order to withstand the pressure of Bayern’s current shitshow.
Comment: Potter In
Comment: Got so unlucky with the injuries this season but did a lot with so little. I swear everytime I thought he was down and out he had an ace up his sleeve. Lost Trossard? Had Mitoma. Lost Caicedo, Had Baleba. Lost Mitoma, had Adingra. Such a great tactical mind and hope he finds his home soon. I always liked his battles with Pep or Arteta because he never moaned after a defeat or gloated after a win. Had a lot of respect for his opponents. Brighton fans will be gutted, Palace fans will be thrilled.
Comment: Potter back to Brighton then
Comment: He’s a Milan fan. It’ll be Milan no?
Comment: And go where? Lol
Comment: Won same points as Dyche despite having far better players at his disposal, especially in midfield and attack. 

One season wonder.
Comment: another man stolen by sir Jim , I'm a EtH fan but certainly this his sub and he leavin'
Comment: That’s quite a bummer, not all clubs are big enough to say no to Bayern
Comment: Always admired him at West Brom
Comment: Too many emotional outbursts from him for Tony Bloom and Paul Barber, who like to run a tight lipped ship under the radar.  And not enough flash cash for Roberto... too impatient for a long term project like Brighton, wants it all now. 

A most honourable sacking I think.
Comment: I don't understand, he's now leaving for free, and he also gives up his current wages.

This isn't really great for both parties? Regardless if he's overrated or not.
Comment: Not sure what all the hype is about.
He’s bang average, and they lost some silly games this year.

Is it just me who thinks this?
Comment: Could absolutely see him being the next Bologna manager. I don’t know why it’s barely being speculated because it makes more sense to me than most other rumours.
Comment: He is overrated . Graham potter made that team.

Comment: The Haaland vs. Hojlund comparison will be talked nonstop by media lol
Comment: Well this is great news for Darwin Nunez as maybe the pointless manufactured comparison debate with Haaland will stop now, because this poor fucker will never escape the comparisons
Comment: Anyone who closely watches serie a? I've literally never heard of him till the recent utd transfer news
Comment: Can’t wait for people to start saying he cost £85m
Comment: [David Ornstein: Manchester United will pay Atalanta fixed fee of €75m + €10m add-ons for Rasmus Hojlund. 20yo Denmark striker has agreed 5+1yr contract - still needs to be finalised. #Atalanta were seeking €90m, but #MUFC secured a package worth €85m 
@TheAthleticFC](https://twitter.com/david_ornstein/status/1685360082463186945?s=46&t=DsOWpn4lU1kyRvD25u2moQ)
Comment: Seems like a lot for someone with 9 goals in 32 apps in a league that’s not as strong as the prem. 

However at 20 he’s still got plenty of room to improve and the striker market is pretty thin at the moment, just feels like a chunky risk. 

Like I know Núñez has had a rocky start but we didn’t pay all that much more and he’d scored 28 in the league and 6 in the UCL that season.
Comment: Terrific news. ETH’ll have all his choice signings, Glazers dire sale saga notwithstanding. Onto Amrabat then. Can’t wait for the season to start.
Comment: That’s a lot of money. Why so much?
Comment: United tax is realll! I hope he comes good🔴GGMU
Comment: In before rival fans saying he's a poor man's Haaland or it's too expensive or he's unproven etc etc. He's raw, but he has all the attributes to become top class over the next few years. Ten Hag is a great coach and along with the likes of Benny Mcarthy, i trust them to turn him into one of the best in Europe.
Comment: Finally a striker. Pretty much over priced. But do i care? Yes, but united finally have a striker (permanently)
Comment: Fecking eejits in the comment section recycling the same 3 points we’ve heard everywhere
Comment: The new Bentdner
Comment: It will be interesting to see how he gets on. I haven't really seen much of him, but if this is a ten Haag buy then he must think he fits the system. 

He doesn't appear to be overly prolific when it comes to goal scoring. I guess they are hoping he can chip in with a few goals at least to take the load of Rashford et al.
Comment: I really don't see it with this guy, 75mil is insane and hes really proven nothing. 

Looks quite average imo.
Comment: Haaland's Wario
Comment: God forbid to mention Balogun.

Downvotes straight up 😁
Comment: Talented young striker. New policy for United. Expensive though. Hope that weight of expectation doesn't hinder his growth
Comment: ETH: we have Halland at home 

Gets home opens cupboard Hojlund
Comment: 75 + 10 is mental the market is finished

Comment: This one you tuber makes a compilation of fans reactions to games and it’s been the best thing about the premier league in the last 2 years odd. Generally it’s Man Utd ones that are hilarious, Solid gold depiction of Man Utd’s decline. Used to see teams results and think “they’ve had a bad game” but now I’m like “can’t wait til Monday to see the video”
Comment: what a time to be alive
Comment: ten hag would be the last person I would be blaming, their whole club needs to be cleared
Comment: Grown men doing this shit.  Christ almighty.
Comment: Ten Hag was handed the keys to the Titanic just after it struck the iceberg.
Comment: My mate is a hardcore United fan. And every time I watch a U game with him, I have to listen to him do all of these for 90 minutes lol
Comment: POV: psych ward
Comment: These guys arent united fans, they just react to the games because they know they'll make money from fake reactions
Comment: I damn near crashed my car when I heard the result, had to pull over and try to compose my self.
Comment: Damn seeing fans of top 6 clubs behaving like this after losing 2 games is insane.

We were pretty content with a 4-0 defeat to city lol

Like mate none of you have ever had to even contemplate the possibility of relegation
Comment: That damnnn Pogba! With all his haircuts.......
Comment: Utd need a major transition. It's going to take guts. Their season is a shambles already. If It was FM I would put the whole first team on the transfer list. Take a big loss in getting rid of these guys who, it seems, are only interested in their wage packet. Bring in the academy players. Players who would be proud to wear the shirt and willing to play for each other and take responsibility. All I see from the current first team is everybody looking at and blaming each other.
Comment: Only 1 Manchester accent between them,  says it all.
Comment: Guy in the bottom left couldn’t even speak 😂 just mad looks
Comment: lol
Comment: We’re so far away from competing it’s not even funny lol. 
New owners is like the only way to start a fundamental rebuild from the top down. There’s so many players in the squad that need axed since they can’t keep their mouths shut and leak everything to the press if it isn’t going their way. 

God I hope we can generate enough pressure to make the Glazers sell.
Comment: Ahh.. gonna have this on repeat
Comment: r/soccercirclejerk
Comment: This vid is like an airplane crashing whilst the pilot left. Except in this case, the planet has been going straight down for many years and every year is like another layer of earth's crust.
Comment: Twitter itself recognizes it as ["Funny"](https://i.imgur.com/r3zxcpJ.png)

Comment: Now that’s how you maximize you team’s chances of winning the cup.
Comment: Is…everyone in this thread seriously surprised at this news? Timing and injuries aside, Man Utd got battered by every single team they played this season. Every. Single. Team. Even Newport managed 20+ shots against them, and that was when Utd had an almost full strength team. The performance against Coventry was completely unacceptable

I can only assume nobody in this thread actually watched United this season. Any other club would have sacked him in December after the abysmal Champions League campaign. The performances since the League Cup win last year have been absolutely awful.
Comment: Great way to improve the morale before the final
Comment: Terribly run club, this should not be coming out about us before a final, what a shambles
Comment: If only Garnacho had been ruled onside the ENTIRE season would have been different.
Comment: Chelsea: Being the most idiotic club in the league, we have sacked Poch after he was finally getting results.

Man United: Hold my beer
Comment: Gutted. He was doing a great job!
Comment: They are bringing in Pochetino hahahahaha
Comment: At least they didn't do a Tottenham and sack him *before* the game. LOL.
Comment: Why wouldn’t they announce this after the final lol
Comment: That’s the fucking energy to take into a cup final. Guessing Chelsea get europa then 😂
Comment: Bayern, Chelsea, , Juventus, Barcelona, Brighton, Manchester United.
Comment: he must be tempted to throw the game 10 - nil.
Comment: Ten Hag should resign 1 hour before kick off.
Comment: What a way to motivate your manager heading into a final.
Comment: If I was Ten Hag I'd be like 'fuck it' and the reserve team.
Comment: Well if you look back on the season you’ll realize he never really had a fair shot. Injuries plagued the team and I remember in the 87th minute at the Emirates, it was a penalty but was not given. That would have given the team the momentum to turn the season around. I know it was only the 4th game of the season but had he got that penalty, United would have gone on to win the league comfortably and be looking at another cup final at Wembley. Truly an unfair run for a manager.
Comment: Shocked. Shocked I tell you.
Comment: Harry Maguire player manager please 🙏🏼 

I can’t comprehend how the board meeting came to the conclusion that announcing this the day before their biggest game of the season was a good idea for the team. What a shit show
Comment: Ah, ManUtd… the FC Bayern of England, hahaha. 

Fucking clowns.

Comment: united fans divided whether "ETH in or ETH out", but i think all can agree that sancho can fuck off...
Comment: That's funny because I want Jadon Sancho gone whether ETH stays or not.
Comment: This guy thinks he's mbappe🤦‍♂️
Comment: Fuck off lmao...as much as I hate them it's Manchester fucking United..if they can tell Ronaldo to fuck off then who is Sancho to be making demands??
Comment: Then he's not welcome back.
Comment: It is absolutely hilarious to me as a United fan that had Sancho apologised to Ten Hag after that incident he would’ve gotten his wish and had seen regular playing time given how utter shit Antony has been this season, yet he continued to pull his drama and went to Dortmund to play a CL final. I absolutely hate Sancho at this point and I think it’s best for both parties to move forward, he needs to be sold snd we don’t need him anymore. It is as simple as that. Antony may be shit on the pitch but atleast he still cares about the badge which is more than Sancho and just that fact makes him better in my book tbh.
Comment: I know people have their own views but Sancho has done nothing at either ManU or Dortmund to justify any demands. He needs to get his head down and get to work.
Comment: He can absolutely fuck right off
Comment: Egoistic player. Please go to another club. You don’t belong to Man United.
Comment: Nobody wants him back with or without eth...in 22 or 23 matches he has 3 goals and 2 assists for Dortmund lol.... Anthony has better stats
Comment: In other news I want 10 million dollars tax free of course, to be brought to my penthouse in Monaco by Cameron Brink.
Comment: The source is The Mirror which usually gets (rightly) dismissed immediately on this sub, why is everyone buying this one today😂
Comment: Ten Hag has got a lot wrong but he's right about Sancho.
Comment: I don’t care how much Ten Hag sucks and how shit his man management skills are, or how good Sancho looked after his loan to Dortmund, demanding a head coach to be fired as a condition for your return is an insanely bad look. If I was United, I would tell him to go fuck himself.
Comment: He can fuck off
Comment: he can fuck off
Comment: What a tool, terrible attitude, couldn't pay me to take him at Chelsea. Our American overlords are now preparing a 100m bid.
Comment: Some of these players think they are bigger than the manager. No point in changing managers again just sell Sancho and move on
Comment: "hes a bad man, he made me turn up to training ON TIME"

waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa.

Prick.
Comment: Regardless of whether ETH stays or not, Sancho shouldn't be brought back

Comment: Plays one bad game 

This sub: HES A FLOP
Comment: I, for one, support them starting him next to Big Mac, it’s like a Lennie and George partnership and it’s hilarious
Comment: CDM would be better
Comment: Antonio is going to have a field day with him
Comment: So Maguire and Marti are keeping Varane out? Varane has fallen so much or is it his fitness troubles from last year ?
Comment: Any tall physical striker will dominate him
Comment: He gave away a pen too, but refs wasn't interested
Comment: Cbs in the prem look like the South African rugby team, he could be the greatest cb to ever walk the prem but he’s just not big enough, prem strikers are built to compete against big guys so a little guy is not a problem
Comment: I thought he looked quality ? He won so many challenges and just looked like a classy player.

He would slot seamlessly in city’s starting side.
Comment: Serious Daley at CB vibes, entirely predicted this it was a massive cope everyone saying how great his vertical leap is
Comment: Imagine if you paid something like 60+ million for him… crazy
Comment: I’m a Ajax fan and hè was not good yesterday, I think because:

1.  1st PL game so a bit nervous
2. New partner next to him. 
3. The team is not used to the playstyle of ETH
4. MCfred in front of him.

Give him a bit of time, hè will be one of your best players.

Yes PL strikers are strong, but hè already bullied Haaland and Nunez when we played them last season in CL.
Comment: At least he knows how to hold a position, unlike that 80m donkey next to him
Comment: I think its knee jerk reaction imo.... He is very good on the ball... he needs time to get used to the physicality of PL. There was couple of moments were he had Welbz on the floor as well... so it wasnt always Welbz getting better of him.   


This is classic case of United being shit as a team and ppl finding everything possible to make mockery. Its fair imo, since i'd do the same to other clubs as well.  


But this is way too kneejerk on ETH and Martinez imo. Maguire completely lost his defensive positioning for both the goals and was often perpendicular to Martinez. You NEVER do that as a CB esp when your team is off the ball. You HAVE to be parallel to your partner at all times. Martinez was found covering both positions unfortunately and failed. There was a TIFO video explaining this exact thing.
Comment: Ten Hag obsession with Dutch/Ajax players will be the end of him by the end of the season.
Comment: I am not defending Martinez, but it sad when people like OP watch 1 game and think they have enough knowledge to comment. Whole ass board of professionals have decided he is worth 50 million, but the real 'professional'  opinion is here on reddit. Think more, write less pls
Comment: First off - Welbeck has become an absolute unit and added at least 15-20lb of mass in the last few years to make up for his loss in pace.

It was Martinez’s first game and season in Prem. Imagine trying to make the case that Mascherano, Puyol, or Cannavaro couldn’t do it in the Prem because they weren’t tall enough. 🙄
Comment: Glad we dodged that bullet. Overpayed heavily and I keep wondering why PL clubs keep coming after Eredivisie players. That move almost never works lately. Sure, some did great like Kuyt and van Persie, but after Eriksen nothing.
Comment: It was certainly an issue but it wasn’t the only one. He was pretty shocking on the ball as well, and positioning wasn’t great. Could mean he’s just not good enough, or he’s a new player at a club with not the best team culture who had a shitter on his debut.

The sample size is ridiculously small. If it continues to be an issue over the next few weeks then we can start saying it’s an issue.
Comment: How can people even think of making a conclusion over a single game ffs? We know how the media is but just use your own brain a little bit. It doesn’t matter who the player is. 

That goes for all the players who played their first game over the weekend. 

Give the player some time in adjusting to the PL and then make a conclusion. He was good at times yesterday and at times Welbeck won more duels. Let’s see how he performs over the next few games before making conclusions such as what would happen if those players play against him.

Comment: Surprised by this...I thought for sure he was headed to Norwich...
Comment: I honestly think this was all planned 

Ronaldo has mentioned wanting to go back to either us or sporting before, and Ole has mentioned wanting him back before 

I think the glazers wouldn’t have ever sanctioned it on a cost to age ratio 

Ronaldo presented himself to city knowing the glazers would think “oh fuck the fans will crucify us if we let this happen”

And I think a good few people who all played with Ronaldo knew about this:

- Rooneys comments last night 
- Rios tweet this morning 
- Oles comments at today’s press conference before any news about Ronaldo and us broke
Comment: I just downed an entire bottle of coca-cola in protest.
Comment: what an insane transfer window
Comment: Amazes me that United spunked out +90 million and massive wages on Sancho and Ronaldo. All without selling Lingard, Martial, Dan James

Meanwhile they still play Mcfred in midfield.
Comment: I actually think he's a good signing and can be vital for them for a season or two. This Premier League season got a whole more exciting!
Comment: No fucking way
Comment: Dude really saw all the attention Messi got and saw Lukaku leave and felt hella left out. Sheesh
Comment: When do they announce Scholes?
Comment: United fans deleting all tweets, posts, and text messages from the past 7 days
Comment: This will 100% be the most historic transfer window of all time
Comment: City fans punching the air rn
Comment: WHAT. Madness happens when you dont check your phone fucking hell
Comment: The first “SIUUU” at Old Trafford will break the sound barrier
Comment: Who moves next? Lewandowski or Mbappe
Comment: Hope he leads you to a title win!  Anyone over the oil clubs!
Comment: Varane, Sancho and Ronaldo in one window... red Manchester doing their best impression of blue Manchester to try and buy their way to a league title.
Comment: Holy shit man! Unreal! What a home coming
Comment: CRAZIEST TRANSFER WINDOW OF ALL TIME
Comment: I’m so happy we re signed Ronaldo

Comment: Brighton was able to cash in all those apologies for a cordless jump rope. Can't wait to see what Wolves get.
Comment: First full weekend of football. First apology. Same again next weekend guys? As i guess they won’t do fuck all about it. Not like they will award Wolves a penalty for the first kick of the game next time they play each other.
Comment: Let’s see who wins the “Apology from PGMOL” trophy at the end of the season. Brighton took the 22/23 trophy, and we have Wolves 1-0 up this season.
Comment: 3 apologies from PGMOL in the last 3 months of Premier League football. You’ll never sing that.
Comment: Wolves missed out on a point but I'm sure an empty apology will make it ok.
Comment: As a United fan……what mechanism is used to issue that apology a couple of hours later but wasn’t in place during the game? I mean, it’s not like new evidence surfaced or something. I’m happy with the three points but if I’m a wolves fan I’d be fuming. I feel we have two karma points we’re going to lose in near future….
Comment: So does ONeil get his card retracted as he was right.
Comment: Warra trophy for us
Comment: This is legitimately embarrassing.  Apologies mean nothing, Wolves missed out on a potential point, and United received 2 undeserved points.  Can have huge implications at the end of the season for both teams.
Comment: Then refund them a point
Comment: 3rd game since last season where pgmol gives an apology for the team facing man united 🤔🤔
Comment: Fine. Will they award Wolves the point that they deserve and remove 2 from United. No thought not. Will they punish the officials for the appalling decision. No. Useless.
Comment: How do they explain it though, it’s such a clear penalty and it showed var even looking at it so what’s their excuse for not giving it? They’ve simply chosen to just not do it and didn’t even send the ref to take a look
Comment: The apology is meaningless unless they also suspend the refs responsible. But, considering they just reinstated Mason and have him training other refs, well, it ain’t happening.
Comment: Lol 1 week in nice job guys
Comment: Here we go again
Comment: They should implement a coaches challenge rule like in the American NFL
Comment: Ar this point I just don’t understand why all clubs despite united don’t make a serious protest to the league. There’s always big errors that influence the game too much.
Comment: Something tells me if the roles were reversed in this situation it would have turned out different. United would 100000% have been taking that PK. 

An apology is not acceptable. Fines and suspensions are more than warranted in situations like this.
Comment: Referees deciding games rather than the players makes sports feel so meaningless. There are too many resources available to them for things like this to happen, yet they’re happening more and more each year.

Comment: Tell that to the barbers of Manchester whose turnover have dropped like 800%
Comment: He was always inconsistent. He only gave his best in every 1 of 15 matches. You cannot call yourself a great player if you don't give your best, doesn't matter how talented you are. 

I'm happy he's not here with ETH as manager else Ten Hag would've finished his United career with the discipline and attitude he has. 

Guy is talented, no doubt. But no manager would trust you if you don't set your attitude. Simple as that
Comment: Pogba's ego defeated him.
Comment: Decent player when in form, but brutally inconsistent and overrated.
Comment: If not for 2018 NT pogba, he would be forgotten by now and spoken in the same way as balotelli
Comment: Pogba is a great player under the right coaching and team structure. He’s one of those players who need the midfield built around him in order to unlock his full potential. We saw it at Juventus where the midfield had the perfect balance of attack, defence, work rate, and ball carrying. If given the confidence and the trust in the team, he can be a really special player. I’m not even a Manchester United fan but i feel like it’s a shame we will only remember him in the premier league for his moments rather than an overall impact.
Comment: Maybe the real pogba was the friends we made along the way
Comment: It’s almost like he wasn’t worth 90 million
Comment: All the talent in the world means nothing if you don't put in the work. Good riddance.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: Pogba is a tiktok star, that happens to be a football player. Spent more time on them likes rather than chipping in to the team. Good riddance.
Comment: United's structure and what they asked of him didn't suit him. 

He's an attacking player but we asked him to play a holding midfielder role most of the time, which didn't let his creativity flow as much as it could. 

Technique and passing wise he's incredible, and his shooting wasn't bad either. Just take a look at him playing for France, where they have someone like Kante partner him, allowing him to be more attacking and creative.
Comment: I do miss Graeme Souness having a meltdown everytime Pogba did anything.
Comment: Pogba was at the right club at the wrong time.
Comment: He was never suited to the two man midfield role and thus never shined.
Comment: Imagine he was still at United with all this drama with his brothers ?

Glad he’s Juventus’ problem now
Comment: So bittersweet. He had spells especially under Ole where he was the main man for us, but also was so often frustrating.

Ultimately though I don't think you can say it was like he was never there when he scored in the final to help win our most recent trophy, or after his two-goal heroics against City, or some of his most outstanding goals.

Not what we thought he would be, but not at all a total waste of time. Just a pity he couldn't turn it on more than he did
Comment: When someone rates Pogba highly, I immediately understand that he is someone not worth paying ANY attention to.
Comment: Thought I was in r/soccercirclejerk
Comment: Because he is an average player with a terrible toxic attitude which effects other squad players.

Comment: Best for all parties. If he has a good World Cup performance, he'll have suitable suitors for him in Jan.
Comment: As good as that record is, he will be fuming they chose that stat
Comment: The hero literally lived long enough to become a villain.
Comment: Wonder where he will end up, his ego won't be able to take no club wanting to sign him.
Comment: Last paragraph has major "damn, this feels like very little words so far, better add some more"-vibes
Comment: Please Todd don’t do it… don’t I’m begging you
Comment: Could not happen to a nicer club and a nicer man ...
Comment: Haha amazing now he’s off to chelsea gift that keeps giving
Comment: Has any football club anywhere on Earth after the departure of a prominent player or manager released a statement that said (in effect): “We hated his guts and hope he dies next week. Good riddance!”?
Comment: Come to Wolves son
Comment: Cost united well. Over £100 million to bring him "home" and for that they got 12 months of him sulking whilst firing them into the europa league then  6 months of him publicly embarrassing the club and himself at every available opportunity.

They'll probably re-sign him before he's 40.
Comment: Good riddance. Football doesn't need a whiny / selfish / self-centred OIK/PRAT

Lesson to learned: never go back to a place where you already said 'goodbye' (be it marriage, club, work, an ex)
Comment: You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself becoming a villain

Perfectly suits on him
Comment: I'm so glad he's going. Look forward to seeing his super ego wreak havoc somewhere else
Comment: I wonder if he’s understood how little of a market he’ll have. Only horribly run clubs or Chelsea (new owner wants a star piece for his new 4 billion asset) will take him. I’m not calling Chelsea horribly run, but Toddy fired Tuchel partly because he didn’t want Ronaldo. It’s fair a new owner wants a big name signing at their club, City did it when they got Robinho back in the day
Comment: He's meeting with David Beckham and will be in Miami this winter.
Comment: imagine psg buying him after wc
Comment: He’s coming to Chelsea isn’t he?
Fuck, I can almost hear Todd Boehly from here;
“we’ve got nothing to lose, we don’t score enough goals, let’s smack a 4 month contract in his face and see where it takes us”

It’s either that, PSG (for obvious reasons),  Sporting Lisbon, the U.S or underneath some Saudi prince skirt
Comment: It’s almost as if he said what he did because he wanted this
Comment: Sad it ended like this. But good riddance.

Comment: Micah is doing more defending there than he did at the villa.
Comment: Micah bursting on the scene to intervene
Comment: Since this seems to be confusing everyone, here’s a better title for this post:

“Watch: CCTV released of THE MOMENTS AFTER THE* alleged assault on Manchester United legend Roy Keane”
Comment: Micah Richard’s is a fucking unit
Comment: Whats the build up here? The footage makes it look like Roy Keane was the one getting physical, was there a prelude off camera that we're missing?
Comment: Am I being dense or is Keane the aggressor here?
Comment: Meeks “I can’t let you get close” (probably)
Comment: Keane is assaulted or doing the assaulting?
Comment: Man that's some beer gut. They're right what they say about VAR, everything looks worse in slow motion.
Comment: I do love Meeks getting in there
Comment: You've got to be really dumb to be picking fights with Roy Keane. You've got to be even dumber to be doing it when someone like Micah is there with how tonks he is.
Comment: ZZZZZZ... wake me up when there's actual footage of the actual incident
Comment: Who would fuck with Keane. Obviously some fat ass bigmouth
Comment: It's not like anyone got their leg broken is it?
Comment: Did the majority of you not watch the video and just want to shit on Roy Keane? 

It's clearly slowed down footage, in which at the start keane is clearly reaching out to grab the man (as one would tend to do after being hit by someone) 

He doesn't get a proper grip on him some tussling and then Micah steps in and grabs him


Some of the comments here......
Comment: I wouldn’t mess with Keane, you know what they say, the little ones are always the most vicious
Comment: For many it was an assault, for Roy, it was another Tuesday
Comment: Big Meeks!
Comment: If the timeline is to be believed, this is after the assault on Keane. No sign of him going through a door, or the guy head butting him which he admitted to doing.
Comment: Video arrow pointing out Roy Keanes bald spot throughout...bit harsh

Comment: Gary Neville told them to be more ruthless, and someone misheard.
Comment: Should of got roofers in, not glazers.
Comment: Theatre of streams
Comment: The best dribbler in the place is the roof.
Comment: So they take away paid staff FA cup benefits but don't fix the leaks? Confirmation all penny pinching goes Into shareholders pockets!
Comment: Well there's a metaphor
Comment: Shows how fucking shit the glazers are. The clubs worth over 6 billion and they won’t fix the fucking roof
Comment: Paid 85 million for Anthony but can’t fix the roof 🤷‍♀️
Comment: Ronaldo one of your greatest players who won everything with you tried to call out the Club for its lack of standards including facilities etc and a lot of your fans turned on him and hated him for it.
Comment: Maintenance manager works from home
Comment: Old Trafford used to be called just 'Trafford'. That was until the Glazers arrived.
/s
Comment: The saddest part for me is that nobody with any knowledge of the club is surprised by this. The glazers couldn’t care less as long as their pockets are getting lined.
Comment: Stop stop we're already dead!
Comment: A new low. A club so rich that it generates money like city and real madrid without winning trophies yet doesnt care
Comment: Graeme Souness wants to know where was Pogba during this collapse
Comment: At this point, a leaking roof is the least of the club’s problems.
Comment: In a way it’s nice to have another clear visual of the Glazers ownership than just the performance on the pitch. One day they’ll all join Malcolm in a hot place.
Comment: I suppose the defense isn’t the only thing that leaks
Comment: Everytime Man Utd embarrass themselves, Old Trafford cries.
Comment: When the roofer works from home…

Comment: As a loyal Manchester city fan since today, we need to sack Pep immediately!
Comment: Cry about it 115 fans
Comment: Foden looks like he sells shit ten bags
Comment: Flat track bully Haaland done fuck all in yet another big game
Comment: Another big game, another disappearing act from Haaland. 

It's looking like he's just not a big game player.
Comment: It pains me to say this but I’m rooting for united just like I’m rooting for dortmund. Underdogs always get my support
Comment: Fuck off Citeh
Comment: Congratulations to Man Utd 115 times!
Comment: Get fucked City.
Comment: Hello conference league, at least we can complete the set I guess lol 😂
Comment: Ain't no way Kyle Walker is taking a moral stance and bitching to the ref about a man "cheating" 🤣
Comment: City bottlers got wrecked hahaha all their groupies (spurs, west ham, villa and the rest) are in the mud but football won today. 

Is the fa cup a major trophy this season?
Comment: Congratulations to United! Commiserations to the cheats
Comment: Being two points away from not winning a single domestic trophy is quite underwhelming when you’ve allegedly had to be huge cheats to be in that position.
Comment: United city and Liverpool all win something … poor Arsenal 😂
Comment: Fair play United. Out played City and deserved. Bruno fernandes MOTM for me
Comment: Media have sacked ten haag, he must be loving this
Comment: Almost like having more than half of your starting team matters
Comment: City fans forgot what losing is. I see complete head loss on twitter😭
Comment: If only Haaland played this game 😿

Comment: 115 reasons this annoys me
Comment: Watch em enforce that rule the one year Everton get into Europe.
Comment: The rules don’t apply if you have enough money
Comment: These rules don’t actually mean anything
Comment: Why do they make a rule if they don't follow it? Just remove the rule then.
Comment: UEFA are getting double teamed by these filthy cheating Manchester clubs but they just don’t care. 
What’s the actual point!??
Comment: Did anyone expect any other outcome?
Comment: UEFA are about as much use as a marzipan dildo.

What’s the point of putting rules in place if they don’t bother enforcing? Absolutely pointless.
Comment: Dunno what you would even discuss nice and United, glazers own about 3/4 of United still, it’s not even comparable to the abomination that is the city group
Comment: Today I feel immigrant worker
Comment: I am a Chelsea fan but my understanding was that it affected United more than City due to the active role that Jim Ratcliff plays in Nice where although he only has a minor stake he has direct influence over football operations.
Comment: Shocked pikachu face when city batter Gerona 8-0 and incredibly Gerona opted to play there under 21s team
Comment: Because, because, because..... MONEY. Sporting decisions being made purely about money and not about the sport. Absolutely disgusting. How hard is to say, you're owned by the same people, you decide who plays and who forfeits but you ain't having both in. Leave the ball in the owners court. You've got til such a date to pick which club you want in Europe and if you don't pick only 1 club then both your clubs are barred. Very simple. But no, because why? MONEY AND GREED. Vile.
Comment: Well its Uefa, i'm not surprised....
Comment: More global conglomerates, less football clubs for their localities.
Comment: What a load of shit
Comment: City are a disgrace. Ban them now
Comment: I don't get how this doesn't bring the competition into dispute tbh. Obviously it won't happen, but if City Vs Girona was the CL final, Abu Dhabi will obviously want City to win, as they are the cornerstone and leading club in the City Franchise sports-washing project. Or if City and Girona are in the same group, is it 100% beyond the realm of comprehension that the Abu Dhabi representatives at the clubs gently nudge the management teams in the direction they want the games to go, or even just to go easy on heavy tackles etc? Even if it's something very minor, it's still an interfering element in the competition.
Comment: no surprise
Comment: Surely it was never an issue for Utd. Ratcliffe own Nice, Glazers own United.

Comment: I think the main issue with United is ownership. You have management coasting on the MU name and reputation without properly maintaining the club. I don’t think any coach can right this ship. It has to start at the top. Frankly I really feel for ETH. Poor guy walked into a real mess.
Comment: The owners are still a problem for United. They've spent on players not suitable for the club. The way they got Antony for such a huge fee and got Casemiro instead of what Ten Hag demanded. The problems are deep lying
Comment: They're coachable. They played well last season in and before the Carabao Cup win.

The biggest issue is their transfer and recruitment policy- they earlier used to go for big names and wages over suitability, and currently are going for Ten Hag's personal preferences rather than, once again, suitability. They've got players incapable of dealing with the PL and no one on the bench that can do better.

This season is a mix of injuries and ETH's refusal to accept that his team cannot play the way he wants them to. A more practical, defense-oriented playstyle would salvage the season, but it seems like he just doesn't want to. By the time the full team is available and back in gear, it might be too late to change anything.
Comment: They are 100% coachable. 

People say all the managers came in and failed… this happens everywhere. 

Van Gaal came in, was average, won the FA Cup and was sacked. 

Jose came in, won trophies, form fell off, sacked

Ole came in, got to a European final, form fell off, sacked. 

This is the story of every premier league club apart from Liverpool and City who have found special managers. Someone’s comes in, does well for a couple of years and leaves. That’s modern football.
Comment: No coach can save them with the current ownership and executive team.
Comment: It is coachable, the biggest issue is the lack of scouting and vision. Every coach just seems to get the complete responsibility for all incoming transfers and what he thinks is the right vision. The best clubs work the other way around. They determine a vision, and find scouts / a technical director / a coach and players that support that vision. 

When for example Erik ten Hag came, he immediately started getting in players he worked with before. The result is United is now crowded with mediocre ex eredivisie players that basically add very little to the team.
Comment: Fergie covered up the shortfall of the Glazer ownership. Mourinho was right, now your history is 3-7 premier league finishes with at best a 1/4 final in CL. Welcome to upper mid table and not winning trophies.
Comment: They need a whole clear out. Top to bottom. Need new owners and new people urgently.
Comment: Their recruitment over the last several seasons has been rubbish
Comment: Manchester United is imo the hardest job in world football right now. Why? Oh, this is gonna be a long one. I hope at least one person will have the patience to read my ramblings.

1)Ownership. People who are completely disconnected to the club culture, are universally hated by the fans, have surrounded themselves by yes-men who have no inclination for any footballing savvy decision making.

The owners have saddled the club with major debts to finance their own takeover (how in the name of fuck was that even possible, let alone legal? it genuinely boggles my mind, it's like me going to a bank to get a loan to buy a Fortune 500 company and the bank puts the debt on that company instead of me), have been completely parasitic, not investing a single penny of their own money and let the stadium and club faciilites rot.

The only reason why United still spend stupid amounts of money on players and player wages (and does not go into administration for that matter) is that through the efforts of Ed Woodward (yes, you read that right) and through the sheer pull and brand strength, despite its sporting underachievements for the past >10 years, Manchester United has arguably been the most comercially viable football club in the world. Once again, not a single penny from the Glazers.

2)  Player power, bad player recruitment and horrendous player retention policy. Apart from Bruno Fernandes, Luke Shaw for the second half of his United career, Casemiro (for the first season) and Lisandro Martinez (who unfortunately has been saddled with long term injuries) can you name any other remotely successful signings post SAF? Ander Herrera maybe, but they lost him on a fuckin free. Don't start me on the bad ones, else I'd be spending New Years Eve still writing this comment.

How many perpetually injured players, underperformers and completely useless players have been kept for YEARS on huge contracts? (e.g. Phil Jones, Martial, Lingard, Pogba) . How many huge transfers have sold at considerable losses, lost on free transfers or are still earning far too much, while contributing so little to the club?

Oh, I mentioned player power. Yes, players have been blatantly downing tools with at least the last 4 managers. It can't be a coincindence, since the same patterns have been followed to a tee with Erik, Ralf, Ole and Jose. This also has the added effect of a squad made of groups of players moulded to different managers and playing styles.

3)  External toxicity. A large part of the fanbase is still deluded enough to believe that Manchester United is a top club, both in England or in Europe. Although I agree in terms of popularity, brand power and commercial figures, the sporting results are obviously proving the contrary. Undue expectations set by this group of fans are toxic.

What is even more toxic is the media. Like it or not, Manchester United stories still attract the most eyes and clicks out of any other English club. Add this to the disgusting trend of sensationalistic stories and straight up fabrications of nowadays' media and you get a whirlwind of toxicity that is bound to affect the morale of the club and its fans added with the unrealistic expectations that media have been traditionally piling (as a parralel, see the situation with the toxicity and undue expectations brought by the fans and media to the "golden generation" of the England national team of the 2000s).

&#x200B;

Wow, that was a rant! Anyway, I have loved this club fiercely and with all my heart since I was seven years old. I ran out of my own high school prom to watch the second UCL final against Barcelona. I have religiously watched as many of the games as I physically could (at school, at work, at home, in bars, in the hospital, at weddings, even at a funeral once, I also managed to go to Old Trafford a few times to fulfill a childhood dream, or even on away days in Denmark, Romania and England), but I'm kinda burnt out. I have reached a decision to take a hiatus from watching United for a while. I don't know how long it will be, maybe there will not even be a hiatus and I'll end up watching the game against Villa on Tuesday, but I did reach the point where I think I have to do it for my own sanity.
Comment: I don’t understand the ownership argument. How does that impact that squad and that manager and his tactics. Sure the club could be ran better, but why can’t ETH get those players motivated?
Comment: The players are the main issue. They're on too much money, power and fame has gone to their heads.
They do what they what on the pitch, no matter who the coach is.
Comment: Erik is not inverting the fullbacks. He keeps them wide. So the DM is always isolated in build up. 
Check these out: 

https://youtu.be/JYPgvs7cNas?si=Ig0NPDV37_syRb3X

https://youtu.be/WpWKnMnku0M?si=r8clyZhAQMujPrg3

He should have  inverted Shaw and formed a back 3 with AWB and the CBs. If Dalot had played, he should have inverted and Shaw will form the back 3.

United’s current build up is a 4-1-5. The changes will make it a 3-2-5 which is used by most top teams. At Ajax he used to invert RB Mazraoui to form the double pivot with Alvarez while LB Daley Blind formed the back 3. 

He keeps making the same stupid mistake.
Comment: Why are Man Utd players un-coachable but not Newcastle’s or Aston Villa’s or Bournemouth’ or Everton’s or Spurs and so on. Because of the Glazers? Doesn’t seem to add up. The players aren’t worse than any others clubs players like those mentioned.
Comment: United need to hire Conte and wait for him to have a public rant about everything wrong at the club. It worked wonders for Spurs.

When every manager has the same issues then clearly the problem is above them and that’s what needs to change. I’m not saying it requires new ownership, just in some capacity needs to be different. 

Levy clearly started doing things differently after Conte. If you want things to be different then you have to do things differently (to paraphrase Ange). P
Comment: Honestly I think United’s best bet is to rip out the core of that team and start again.

Go right the way back from LVG tenure to OGS, and anyone who’s been there throughout, get rid of them.

Luke Shaw, Anthony Martial, Viktor Lindelof, Diogo Dalot, Bruno Fernandes, Harry Maguire, Aaron Wan-Bissaka, even Marcus Rashford - get rid of them and start fresh because I honestly believe that no matter how talented they are from a technical perspective, they have major issues with their attitude and the mental side of the game

Whether it’s ETH or another manager, get rid of those players and build again
Comment: This shit needs to stop. The constant harassment of United, the calls for players to be sold or for managers to be dropped/changed. It's getting unfair now, and we need to stop. If we fix them, we can't laugh at them and enjoy the downfall anymore.
Comment: Well,

Get new owners and there's your answer
Comment: The issue is definitely in the ownership, not saying the players are free from criticism either, however Utd have spent a *lot* of money on players but that's the problem, they've only spent money on players.

You can read comments from previous players about the state of the training ground and how far behind it really is, Ronaldo said it hadn't changed barely since 2008. Look at how many players Utd have bought in, just how many have actually improved? I can only think of one and that is Bruno, but he was very good anyway. That's 1 player in 10 years and over 1bn spent.

They don't have a clear vision apart from buy overpriced players and just creep into top 4 every few years. I don't believe every player Utd have signed have only come for the money (with a few exceptions), just they probably lose that motivation soon after. Then they get desperate and give wages to players who just haven't hit the heights yet and build on hype. 

The investment into other areas apart from players is just non existent and it shows. What you see on the pitch is a result of everything that happens behind the scenes. With recently getting 1 star for food hygiene it just makes you laugh. And the state of the stadium compared to the other top 5 teams show's it's lightyears behind.

Utd doesn't have a DoF either, where's the vision coming from? They had Woodward doing deals for years, what the hell does he know about football? There's plenty of non footballing personnel in the higher up positions. Compare that to the likes of Liverpool, City, even Arsenal now and you'll see why Utd just look like a team that haven't played together before. 

Utd are in a shit position form wise and playing wise at the moment, but this *exact* thing was happened towards the end of LvG, Jose and Ole.

IMO this will never change until the owners are gone.
Comment: They have to accept they are playing for top6 at best. Like Chelsea, there's no hoping for them in the UCL or top3/4. Just spend few seasons outside of the European competitions, back the manager, ship the problematic players out, trust the youth. Then maybe you have a chance.

Comment: He will learn English just to say no to United.
Comment: No he doesn't lol.

Another bait article to go get people to rally against an "in trouble" Ten Hag.

I'm a united fan, I'm not for or against Ten Hag, but I'm not going to go WOAH OMG ZINIDINE ZINEDAME WANTS IN FIRE 10 HEG. I hate the media.
Comment: if Zidane wins a league with Man united at this point it entrenches him as the GOAT

I love it when legends come to the premier league. its the only league I regularly watch so its the only time other than Champions league I get to see legends.
Comment: Making a good team out of MU would canonize Zidane as one of all time greats(if he isnt already:)). Making Bayern win another trophy would be just another coach in Munich.
Comment: Things that definitely aren’t true number 1.
Comment: Does Zidane know of this?
Comment: Doesn't speak English. Hardly speaks French tbh lol
Comment: Yes please for the love of god 🤞
Comment: United fan here. This is ridiculous. No chance he would come to this shit show.
Comment: He has concerns about life in Bavaria. Not the north of fucking England.
Comment: Zidane can’t speak English and has already said publicly that he won’t coach in the PL as there’s no feeling with any of the clubs there.

I also doubt he’d be willing to come in now when we aren’t even 5% into a structural and cultural reboot. The resources clearly aren’t there for him, and that’s even *if* he spoke the language and wanted to come here.

Yet every 6 months the media continue to spin these wild fictional narratives and some people actually believe them. Journalism is globed man.
Comment: It's a bit late in April for that
Comment: Like fck he does..I don't think he'd take either jobs but if I had to choose I'd Bayern is more likely....
Comment: The source of this news 🤔
Comment: Just not true tho
Comment: What a crap story. Load of bollocks.
Comment: I am sure I read somewhere that he never bothered to learn English as he never wanted to manage here.
Comment: I guess he is tired of winning. He already won everything in Madrid. Definitely will be a challenge.
Comment: So it’s neck and neck between Southgate and Zidane?
Comment: Media: ten Hag’s lack of English is a problem at United.

ten Hag can at least speak English. 

Also Media: Zidane prefers United move.

*Zidane doesn’t even know English*.

Comment: **Qatar and Jassim bid**

**Pros**

* Debt free and massive pledged investment 
* Stadium + training ground investment far easier (if his bid is to be believed) 
* Glazers instantly out 

**Cons**

* Literally no one knows anything about him. Like theres 2 pictures of him. There were reports that the 9-2 foundation found it hard to get in touch with him hence why the went to Nasser Al-Khelaifi. Jassim didn't even turn up to Old Trafford. We know nothing about him 
* Where was his money coming from. Forbes puts his father's wealth at 1.5b (also note his father has been accused of corruption and bribery) 
* Completely inflexible with his bid. Reason he wanted 100% was so he can get lucrative construction contracts to build around Old Trafford. 

&#x200B;

**SJR**

**Pros**

* Personally I do think he is a United fan to some level  (not that it matters) but how many Chelsea fans were at 99 CL final, does interviews talking about being a united fan
* Think he's learnt alot from Nice experience and understand how to approach United 
* Asking for Sporting control would be the single biggest change in united in almost a decade. We never needed a sugar daddy, we needed competent football people. for example, not every decision needs to be signed off by there Glazers which is why we are so slow. We need a modern structure. 

&#x200B;

**Cons** 

* Slow phased takeover - Glazers still here for at least one more year 
* Funding for stadium and training ground more likely raised by debt (but not all debt is bad, some turn to equity) 
* Nice has been a middling success (but think they have set up a good structure which will bring success)
Comment: The Qatari bid was polarising. There was a lot on both sides of the argument, plenty United fans did not want the Qataris to take over. Lots of nuance around peoples thinking with that one obviously. 

As a United fan to cut a long story short that it’s not really got to do with Sir Jim coming in it’s more being pissed off at the workings of the deal. Glazers will still be there, not sure how the finances of the deal work out yet but good chance there is zero money put into the club from this. That’s the biggest issue. At least the Qataris would have been a full takeover.
Comment: Delighted it's not Qatar. Sad that the Glazers are sticking around even longer. Hopeful that SJR can make us not shit.
Comment: Those who wanted the Qatar takeover and those who criticise City for their ownership are generally two mutually exclusive groups. I get that some rival fans want to paint the picture of us being hypocrites and twerking for Qatar whilst condeming City for similar but it's not really the case.
Comment: I’m happy. Dont want oil money.
Comment: Not a Man United fan,....while I am happy that another state sponsor isn't coming into EPL, I don't understand the Sir Jim position at all.

Correct me if I am wrong, but from what I glean from the situation, Sir Jim has purchased some of the shares to the club (not the majority) and he would be in charge of the football operations? I don't know for how long Sir Jim will 'stay positive' in this position. If the club improves, The Glazers' position will improve, and as they have a majority they won't easily sell in the future.

I don't see the reason Sir Jim will do the 'hard work' to make life better for the Glazers and strengthen their position, as I feel that he would have the ambition of owning the club whole.
Comment: I personally don't want the club to be owned by middle eastern oil tycoons.

Jimmy at 25% isnt really much better, however if it means football operations are controlled by someone else I am happy at that.

However with it only being 25% it means they have very little power in comparison
Comment: **if** everything coming out of the move is true (investing into youth, facilities, proper DOF, stadium etc) and it is the start of a gradual takeover where the Glazers are 100% gone, then I’m for it. 

I didn’t want state ownership, and would have likely protested against it, just as we do with the Glazers. I’m very, very glad Qatar aren’t a part of this club.
Comment: I for one am very happy that the Qataris have pulled out. English football has so much history to it, I think collectively we need to stand up and say that it's not OK for our teams to be purchased with state-backed wealth. It detracts from our history and it's not right.

Maybe that means Man Utd aren't in a title race for a bit longer, but so be it - there are more important things.

The SJR one is interesting. At the very least that's taking some control away from the Glazers, so that has to be a good thing.
Comment: Tbf It’s not because of the Arab money. It’s really because we want the Glazers completely out of the club and not another version of the Glazers replacing him.

The Sheikhs offer was better than Ratcliffes. New training facilities, debt wiped off, State of the Art Training facilities and Infrastructure, Renovated but futureproof Old Trafford and proper structure in the Board and management. Who would not dream of that? 

Ratcliffe tried buying Chelsea and hasn’t done that well with his other clubs which doesn’t come off well to the fans. And the fact that he doesn’t have enough money to do anything else for the club besides what the Glazers have been doing for the past decade.
One may argue that the Glazers have been spending plenty of money, as much as City and Chelsea, but that’s the clubs money. The owners instead of investing in the club and adding to its glory have only been filling their pockets and sucking it dry. 

Lets just put it this way, if there was another bidder with a proper plan in not just investing in the squad but the whole club, the stadium, the training facilities and it’s overall greatness, the people would chose him as well.
Comment: I don’t wanna hear any United fans bashing city’s ownership after they were all bending over for Qatar.
Comment: I think United fans are quite rightly so questioning the Ineos bid because its basically a deal done for the Glazers interests. The ‘in control of the footballing decisions’ statement means nothing when the majority share holders are still the majority owners. I’m not a United fan but I can imagine they just want the Glazers out of their because they are sucking the club dry for their own pockets. Ratcliffe seems to be making the decision as an ageing man trying to live out having some Involvement with the team he supports.
Comment: My honest thoughts are that missing out on Qatar is overblown for a few major reasons. They are as follows:

- even with the debt, United is one of the richest clubs around. Becoming an 'oil club' was never really too relevant to financial clout.

- Qatari royals aren't like their neighbours in the UAE and KSA. They are shit at the whole elite football thing if PSG is anything to go by (people claim that Jassim is an independent bidder, but he's obviously not).

- any major change at the top *could* be enough to reverse post-Fergie trends. One of the issues with the Glazers is that they don't delegate properly. They seem either to he unaware of failings by their underlings or they don't care. Any new owner/major investor can and probably will change that.

- Ratcliffe is personally worth a touch less than £30 billion. INEOS, which he jointly owns, and is not publicly traded, is also worth tens of billions. If he wanted to go full Abramovic then he can more than afford it.
Comment: the biggest hypocrisy is that these people bash city and Newcastle united and now were dying themselves to get that arab money
Comment: Apart from the ethical issue of being owned by a terrorist-supporting, minority-oppressing slave state, does Sheikh Jassim actually exist? I've only ever seen photos of him; I've never seen him actually moving. Plus his statements always sounded like they were written by Chat GPT.
Comment: Honest answer: People see the success of Man city and the instant improvement of Newcastle united and want to be state owned. (not everyone, but you are blind if you haven't seen people wanting it)  
  
As a Chelsea fan, I miss when other fans mocked our trophies as coated in oil. We dont have any trophies to mock nowadays.  
  
The perception is the Glazer would have sold to Qatar if SJR was not an option to infuse funds and still retain ownership.  
  
The Qataris were ready to wipe out all of the debt and begin major renovations at OT.  
  
Lots of Man United fans are bitter its not going to happen, and supposedly SJR need to take on debt to buy his 25%. and 25% means the glazers still own more than him.  
  
Also if you live near OT, the renovations would likely have created a lot of good jobs in the area and improved the local economy.
Comment: The league needs to put a cap on state owned clubs.  It's not good.
Comment: Qatar makes the same promises as SJR and it's like Qatar is signing Mbappe and Haaland. When SJR makes those promises, it's just PR. Qatar has Malaga who since Qatar taken over, has went from the Champions League to being relegated to the 3rd tier of Spanish football. Also PSG hasn't been as successful for the amount of money and FFP rules they broken as well. Probably wouldn't even get CL football if they played in England.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: >I have seen many united fans moaning

So nothing has changed then?

Comment: Man United's ROI has been crap since Irwin & Keane left O'Shea clung on but now they have no ROI.
Comment: Spent £1.5bn yes.  But what is their revenue? What is the value of the brand? How much did they just sell 25% of the club for?

From a purely sporting point, the return is terrible. Hardly any trophies, alienated fans and a team bereft of ideas and direction.  Commercially they're doing just fine.
Comment: wasteful murky square spectacular jar drab sloppy nutty aware simplistic

 *This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [Redact](https://redact.dev)*
Comment: We've been in the CL what, once or twice in the last decade? Still pulling ridiculous revenue regardless, which is why the glazers will never leave. As far as ROI goes, it's terrible but you've just listed 4 trophies in your post. How many clubs can boast as much?

The whole "sky is falling", "worst thing in the world" narrative is a favourite of the media (and of rival fans), but the real truth is simply mediocrity. That's it, the club has become mediocre.
Comment: Google Manchester City 115 for more info
Comment: Trophy wise sure. But Glazers don’t care about. Their revenues have double in past 10 years and have posted record revenues this year as well.

If you do not include fraud Man City, then it is record revenue for any british club. A club that has not being regularly qualifying for Europe for a decade.
Comment: All it takes is a couple of good transfer windows and a manager who sticks to his philosophy. Before arteta came in arsenal were as big of a joke as utd were but now they are title contenders.In two years due to good management and recruitment they are back to where they belong. If ineos can get the right manager and right players then there is no reason why man utd cannot be title challengers after two years.
Comment: Lmao just find it hilarious seeing all of the ABUs having  enough balls to spill out all of the crying and PTSD from Man Utd ruining your childhood with group therapy sessions like this
Comment: How much have Spurs spent? Villa? Everton? There's a ton of prem clubs that have spent a fortune and not won a trophy. 
In the past 2 years, how much have Chelsea spent and what have the achieved?
Man Utd aren't special but at least they've put a trophy in their cabinet.
Comment: As a utd fan, I can't imagine what it's like to let another club live rent free in my head this much. 

I don't even think about utd as much as ABUs think of utd. It's sad and hilarious at the same time
Comment: angel di maria was Louis van Gaal’s failure as a coach not as a player .. he could not work with a fast winger .. than the robbery he in his home and his family hated england .. di maria is world class
Comment: Give Arsenal a few more seasons to catch up . They're catching up fast . At least United won a European trophy.
Comment: Don’t look at our spend per trophy.
Comment: How is Rashford included in this? He's an academy graduate bro. He didn't even get crazy high wages until this season
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: 😂😂😂funny isn’t it
Comment: What about player wages?

Wasn't Sanchez being paid £540,000 pw (£28,080,000 annually)?
Comment: Ok now go look up the money spent in the same period by Man City, Liverpool, Chelsea, Arsenal, PSG, Barcelona, Real Madrid etc. 

When you look at that, they’ve likely not spent more than the clubs they’re competing with.
Comment: Absolutely not.

Spurs for example have spent £1bn+, and they have ZERO trophies.

Other teams with worse ROIs: every English team apart from City, Liverpool, Chelsea and Leicester. 

Arsenal is arguable, I think 4x FA Cups and nothing else, plus TWO EIGHTH place finishes (United never been helow 7th) is worse.
Comment: The players didn't ruin United's chances, the coaching and ownership/management has.

But agree - the club used to turn some stellar ROI with players like Beckham & Ronaldo. Otherwise some poor work with players like Mkhitaryan, Lukaku, Di Maria, Fred, Pogba, Maguire... Kind of countless others in past ten years

Comment: Fuck our owners, I really don't get why they would sell him. Selling Gallagher is even dumber.
Comment: Quite a few responses in this thread showing their lack of knowledge outside their own club or MOTD highlights. He's a very solid CB and £25m is a bargain in today's market.

If these clowns running the club actually sell him for that many Chelsea fans will understandably be pissed, I'd rather we didn't sell him full stop. Absolute joke that it's got to the point of selling Prem proven academy products just to balance the books or sign more unknown 16 year olds from South America.

Football manager FC.
Comment: If we do this we are finished
Comment: Would be another travesty of this ownership if it were to happen. 

I think Chalobah is heavily underrated by a lot of people. 

His first 30 games for Chelsea under Tuchel we went unbeaten in them.

Since coming back from injury this year he has been immense and only lost one game which was the semi final against City 1-0. Unbeaten again in league games he has started though. 

He's finished the season in brilliant form and even added an amazing passing range to his game recently. Check out the gorgeous pass he made to set up Chelsea's 4th Vs West Ham last month.
Comment: I hate this ownership group and sporting directors 😂
Comment: Decent buy for Man Utd if it happens
Comment: 25million is rather cheap for a player of his quality. Rather Chelsea keep him or get a better price 
Comment: no no no no please no. dont let this be true. letting chalobah go would be a mistake and letting him go to a rival at that price would be a disaster. if the price could recoup at least 60-70% of the shortage that has triggered FFP radar, i could begin to reconsider.
Comment: I still don’t understand how Chalobah is valued lower than both Disasi and Badiashille!!! The owners are jokers, their obsession about data has made them maniacs.
Comment: Trevoh was our best CB this year. Needs to be higher or nah. Clown show selling our home growns to fund international’s that don’t cut it.
Comment: I’m torn, on one hand I hate signing players from rivals unless they’re really impressive, and having 2 seasons in a row where we’re signing up failed Chelsea players is kinda meh. But on the other hand Chelsea fans love him and as long as he isn’t the marque CB signing I’d be happy with it
Comment: That's a steal and I'm going to be pissed if we do it
Comment: Honestly, he is worth more than that
Comment: For 25m, we should be on this!
Comment: trev is probably our best CB right now. selling him would be a huge mistake, i’m praying they come to their senses
Comment: 1) Has played most of his football in a back 3. 
2) Has never held down first choice.
3) Missed a majority of the season with injury.

Hard pass.

Would much rather get Manchester born and bred, never injured, always played in a back 4, Tosin on a free instead.
Comment: We could sell maatsen for 35m we should be able to hold onto chalobah
Comment: I think he is going to do great for the team once he signs. 
Comment: Only £25mil he is like £40mil defender
Comment: We are winning the league next season?

Comment: Seeing West Ham in the fourth place, anything is possible this year. What a season.
Comment: Absolutely no one saw this coming
Comment: Sheffield Utd have scored 2 goals in a game twice this season. Both times were against Man U. 
Also, Man U have scored 13 goals at home all season. 6 of those were against Leeds. Weird season.
Comment: Deserved win for the blades, they will probably still go down, but at least they are fighting.
Comment: Of course the week I captain bruno in FPL lol. I knew that cancelo was a sneaky good pick , why didnt I stick with my gut!
Comment: It's frustrating and disappointing, but I think a lot of fans are really overreacting.  From what I've seen in MU fan groups, an outsider would think we just lost the title in gw 38, rather than dropping points after a great run in gw 20
Comment: The great escape is on!
Comment: We're fucking shit mate
Comment: Beauty of the premier league
Comment: This is the most unpredictable premier League ever
Comment: Burnley beating Liverpool at Anfield and now this.  I dont care if RM, Barca, and Bayern are the best, or their fans think our football sucks.  This is the most enjoyable league to watch for me with unpredictable results.  (Yes, la liga, bundesliga, and Serie A also have their topsy turvy moments, but not as unpredictable as PL)
Comment: No surprise
Comment: And we're not even surprised anymore as fans...
Comment: The premier league is currently the toughest football league on the planet. As a united fan myself, what i can say is that its good to see the “big teams” loose games like these. It reiterates the fact that money hasnt become the biggest factor of football. This season will certainly be a joust. But thats what football is about. Ill enjoy every moment of it
Comment: City are going to win the league and I’m going to be sad.
Comment: 2020-21 epl champion belongs to City
Comment: Love to see this! Emulating Liverpool in everything these days....
Comment: CONGRATULATIONS! WE ARE NOW THE BIGGEST LAUGHING STOCK IN THE LEAGUE!
Comment: 😅
Comment: That was an intense 15 final minutes.

Comment: That club is a PR disaster
Comment: Molester United




Now seriously Greenwood, Antony, this story, what the hell is happening?
Comment: The Giggs doesn’t fall far from the Ronaldo
Comment: United really taking the spotlight this season. Us Chelsea fans definitely appreciate it.
Comment: Manchester United try to go one (1) day without having a PR crisis related to poor treatment of women challenge (impossible)
Comment: Manchester United should just pack up the club and move to Spain at this rate
Comment: Stop stop we’re already dead
Comment: Probably should’ve supported a club that wasn’t called the Red Devils. This is ridiculous.
Comment: Imagine being on the PR team and coming into the office for the pure madness. 9am Monday Greenwood Crisis rebuild, 12.30 Sancho fallout talks, skip lunch, 3.30 Antony Clusterfuck, 5.30 Konopka Meltdown, take a 15min break to bring Harry Maguire for his walk. 7.30 
Oh yeah, we are a football team! better feed the socials with some glory days posts.
Comment: Two things from the article.

1. Some crack investigation here. The game was in March, 2022. Only reason it's coming up now is because of Greenwood and Antony.

2. How did they only come into this information recently? He was on trial in 2011 and spent four years in prison. It was a pretty major story when it happened. The fact that former players had to let them know 15 months after the game is farcical..
Comment: Time to close Manchester United down.
Comment: I admittedly am not a fan at all of United, but at this point it just feels silly. It's like you're trying too hard to be disliked, it doesn't even feel genuine anymore...
Comment: Kind of feel bad for United Fans at this point.

Except the ones defending Antony and Greenwood. Fuck those.
Comment: Wheres all the utd fans that were calling city out for Barry bannan?
Comment: Getafe on the Mersey
Comment: How could they not know?
Comment: Man why couldn't all these alleged crimes take place at Old Trafford so VAR could just overturn the charges.
Comment: 0 days since Manchester United last had a sexually aggravated controversy.
Comment: This club is full of immoral personalities
Comment: United gunna United I guess

Comment: I think they gave him the armband because he's always going to whine at the ref, with the armband it prevents him getting booked. That's the only logical reason I can think of, he's a terrible example to his teammates.
Comment: He saw last years result and didn't fancy it again
Comment: He has amazing foltball abilities but he’s such a drama queen, i don’t understand how players and fans like him as a captain
Comment: Good lord he is a whiny little bitch.  I don't get it either - you want the captain to be a leader on the pitch and this guy consistently hurts his team with his antics and histrionics.
Comment: The real question is how is martial still at the club.
Comment: Real question is how is Onana a Premier League GK? Short, slow, no reflexes, short wingspan and barely jumps..
Comment: The most emotionally immature captain I’ve ever seen
Comment: He embodies United as a club , seems like the perfect captain
Comment: Bruno is ducking the Liverpool game :)
Comment: We don't talk about Bruno.
Comment: To be fair, Gary Nevile was captain once and he's a little rat too so they have previous. Rat club, rat captain. It all makes sense.
Comment: He got suspended for Liverpool for complaining. That’s a captain “don’t”.
Comment: No problem for me. He always brings a smile to my face

Kinda sad he isn't playing at Anfield though
Comment: How he didn’t get a Red card today is beyond me. He was on a Yellow and just decided to kick the Bournemouth player in the back.
Comment: Because they lack an actual leader
Comment: Bruh on the contrary you should ask why is he wasting his prime years at UTD
Comment: Because the rest of them are shite overpaid crybabies that probably couldn’t even make themselves a cup of tea
Comment: Who would you prefer?
Comment: Yeah, I'd be embarrassed if Bruno was the captain of my team. He's a great footballer but a shameful excuse for a leader.
Comment: he's their best player that's why he's captain but he's def not a captain material bcos of his antics

