Comment: Fuck man city
Comment: All these point deductions, when are City gonna get their's?
Comment: I honestly think at this point that they're doing this on purpose so they can turn around at the end of the season and say "All this points deduction stuff is making a mockery of the league, look at how unpopular it is, let's try an different approach"

&#x200B;

Then let City off the hook.
Comment: These bottom half teams really gotta stop cheating.
Comment: I think they are slowly deducting City’s points just from everyone else bit by bit.
Comment: City won’t be punished until the rules change from a point deduction to the luxury tax/fine that’s been talked about.
Comment: Wait, does Sheffield have 2 points to deduct?
Comment: Is there a reason why this season is having all these points dedications as opposed to other years?
Comment: Fuck man city
Comment: Man city when
Comment: Bollocks. Going for small fishes rather than big ones. At least they get their pockets filled😏
Comment: 115
Comment: 🎶  Anyone but City 🎶
Comment: Everton - Charged and punished

Forest - Charged and punished. 

Everton - Charged and punished again. 

Sheffield United - Charged and punished. 

City - Charged LONG before any of them… still no punishment.
Comment: Might as well deduct it this season as they are likely relegated anyway. Tbf tho 2 points isn't much but it could be difference between Promotion and playoffs
Comment: Not sure what these comments are on about? 
It’s a bit shitty but we broke the rules, didn’t pay Brighton their money and have agreed with the EFL and only got 2 points because of it.
Comment: I cant wait for City to get their license to footy terminated lol
Comment: The entire sport got cooked by city
Comment: How do all these bottoms teams get point deductions but City with a gazillion charges is somehow not persecuted.

Do they have any tips & tricks? Asking for a friend.
Comment: Bro they're already relegated there's no point

Comment: Some people need to wind their necks in. Yeah they were categorically the worst team in the league but people complaining they wasted people's time should get a clue. 

No team comes up wanting to play bad, they may prepare for relegation but that isn't early admission of failure. Sheffield United had every right to be where they are, where they were and where they are going. Don't put the boot in because you support a glory team.
Comment: Am I wrong in thinking it’s pretty shit that the
3 promoted teams look like they are going back down? Not a great look imo
Comment: They surely deserve to go down. How can you be 1-0 up  and miss so many chances to score three or four more then finally concede 5 unanswered goals? SMH.
Comment: They were doomed from the start, one of the worst prem league performances I’ve seen
Comment: Sheff Utd is probably the worst premier league club I have seen in the past decade.
Comment: They've still got a chance. 10 point deduction for Forest, 20 points for Everton and 60 for City! Oh wait, Sheffield Utd are still 20th on goal difference...
Comment: It’s nigh on impossible to stay in the top tier without spending…I remember Leeds spent and almost won the Premier title, but the debt killed them.  As a supporter would you rather occasional top flight games and then a drop to the Championship where you can have success each week or prefer struggle and embarrassment of getting flogged each week? Or the realisation your beloved team spent money you didn’t have and disappear into the basement?
Comment: Sheffield will cry all the way to the bank about this on a giant pillow payment
Comment: It’s mad they’re breaking all these records (some of them Derbys) and yet still managed to get more points than that Derby team….

Funny old game.
Comment: As a Derby fan, I’m proud we retained our record 😂
Comment: 97 conceded in 35 games is quite remarkably terrible
Comment: Well done t'Blades!
Comment: Couldn’t have happened to a better club
Comment: I remember when they played really well against us in that game during the start of the season, gw 5 I think, Foderingham was a beast, shame to see how bad they've done this season

Good luck Sheffield United fans in the championship
Comment: "Subject to the outcome of appeals by Nottingham Forest and Everton".

In other words, unless they decide to take more points off us for daring to appeal. 

Still, its been coming and 97 goals conceded in 35 games is staggering.

We play them next and I recall when we were last relegated in 1999, also with three games to go- and we won them all once it no longer mattered
Comment: Don’t worry Sheffield United fans, you’re still allowed to ship 8 goals in a game down in the championship…

It’s just going to be to Plymouth Argyle or Millwall next year instead of Newcastle
Comment: Damn I forgot that derby's GD made me grin and chuckle.

I am still a kid inside. Ahhh
Comment: Sad part is , I actually thought they had a chance of staying up , I remember distinctly their game against Everton at the start of the season , they looked a decent side

I really enjoyed them in the prem under wilder back in 19/20 and have developed somewhat of a soft spot for them
Comment: I still have a hope with Luton Town. They need to  focus on the defense when leading!
Comment: After one of their fans threw bricks at us when we left the stadium, I’m glad their going down.

Comment: Seeing West Ham in the fourth place, anything is possible this year. What a season.
Comment: Absolutely no one saw this coming
Comment: Sheffield Utd have scored 2 goals in a game twice this season. Both times were against Man U. 
Also, Man U have scored 13 goals at home all season. 6 of those were against Leeds. Weird season.
Comment: Deserved win for the blades, they will probably still go down, but at least they are fighting.
Comment: Of course the week I captain bruno in FPL lol. I knew that cancelo was a sneaky good pick , why didnt I stick with my gut!
Comment: It's frustrating and disappointing, but I think a lot of fans are really overreacting.  From what I've seen in MU fan groups, an outsider would think we just lost the title in gw 38, rather than dropping points after a great run in gw 20
Comment: The great escape is on!
Comment: We're fucking shit mate
Comment: Beauty of the premier league
Comment: This is the most unpredictable premier League ever
Comment: Burnley beating Liverpool at Anfield and now this.  I dont care if RM, Barca, and Bayern are the best, or their fans think our football sucks.  This is the most enjoyable league to watch for me with unpredictable results.  (Yes, la liga, bundesliga, and Serie A also have their topsy turvy moments, but not as unpredictable as PL)
Comment: No surprise
Comment: And we're not even surprised anymore as fans...
Comment: The premier league is currently the toughest football league on the planet. As a united fan myself, what i can say is that its good to see the “big teams” loose games like these. It reiterates the fact that money hasnt become the biggest factor of football. This season will certainly be a joust. But thats what football is about. Ill enjoy every moment of it
Comment: City are going to win the league and I’m going to be sad.
Comment: 2020-21 epl champion belongs to City
Comment: Love to see this! Emulating Liverpool in everything these days....
Comment: CONGRATULATIONS! WE ARE NOW THE BIGGEST LAUGHING STOCK IN THE LEAGUE!
Comment: 😅
Comment: That was an intense 15 final minutes.

Comment: Manchester United?!?

Watching Manchester United, and they just seem an embarrassment to themselves, the fans and the premier league. Can’t finish, can’t defend, in possession are poor and just seem a free three points to majority of teams. Despite beating Luton and looking average against wolves the team seems a ticking time bomb. The team are fighting with each other on the pitch, their discipline is horrific and this is with a manager who gave the club their most average season in decades. As a fan of another club I’m just wondering what they have to offer anymore to the league. They are guaranteed to be mid table mandems, they’ve conceded too many goals by this stage and look a horrific team. Do fans have anything to look forward to. In my eyes they’ll be mid table this season and struggle against Sheffield United. Have they given up and will the rest of the season just be them being steamrolled?
Comment: Shock! Horror! A team with limited financial resources will come up and go straight back down! I wouldn’t call them an embarrassment. I would reserve that for teams with huge financial resources that play shit negative football like Man utd or Chelsea.
Comment: Our owner bought half of a League One club and now owns all of a Premier League club. He's been pretty upfront about the fact that the only real step forward for us is if he finds a good buyer.

A year and a bit back we were under embargo because we chose to hold onto our two biggest assets in the JTW. It was keep them or sell them to free up funds. In fairness, that decision all but guaranteed us promotion. The downside is we desperately needed to sign some defenders back then.

By Summer came around, and we were up, most of the promotion money was resetting the bank balance. Those two big assets, Ndiaye and Berge, were in their last year of contract and offers were coming in. Ndiaye was set to sign and we'd even gone as far as filming the promo material with him when his boyhood club made a big offer and he took it. Berge was cashed in on too. If I say Ndiaye was involved in 75% of our goals last season then that's an idea of how much he offered at that level. 

So there we were, well short on a decent squad and now looking for replacements too, on a budget. The gambles we took haven't really paid off. Hamer is the one we spent decent money on and he's alright but he's at the most replacing Berge. Archer isn't a bad signing by any stretch but he's simply not a replacement for the creativity of Ndiaye.

The side that started our first game against Palace looked like last season's reserve team. Early on we lost Egan for the season. Basham stepped in, who's well past his prime, and...got injured, out for the season and likely forever. The already flimsy back line just got worse. Baldock, past his prime, limited coming forward, but imo capable as a top flight defender...barely featured this season through injury. That's okay, there's Max Lowe. Likely a decent Championship player but we'll make do. Injuries have kept him out most of the season.

An already threadbare squad that probably wasn't up to the task has barely kept its defenders fit enough to pick a consistent back line one game to the next.

There you have it. That's why we concede so many goals. It's pretty miserable to watch. Am I embarrassed? No. Because the only solution to our problems is money we don't have. No shame in it. That's just what it is. We could spend a hundred million and not be guaranteed survival so you can't be surprised when a couple of million on Yasser Larouci (who in all fairness is garbage by Prem standards) doesn't cut it.

The sad thing is that we got promoted, spent two years in the Prem, bounced back at the second attempt, and we're no further forward.

The plus side is I'll get another season without VAR.
Comment: well you're a united fan so i would say you're very qualified to recognize when a team has quit
Comment: Only a Manchester United fan could have this little self awareness.
Comment: Is it embarrassing to be well beaten every week by teams with vastly more expensive squads?

Just because Luton are overachieving vs budget and expectations, doesn't mean all the promoted sides will. Burnley are facing similar problems.
Comment: As a Newcastle fan knowing us we will probably struggle with them at home, despite the fact that we obliterated them 8-0 at their place.

I think their fans know their season is over done and dusted. The question Blades fans are answering every match now is "How much we gonna lose by today"
Comment: Unless the financial disparity between Championship and the Premier League is fixed, very few promoted clubs will stay up.
Comment: Just spend the GDP of a country on your team bro.

I find the relegation battle more interesting than the title. Just because a team loses does not make them pointless, or you get stagbdnt 1 team leagues.
Comment: What an arrogant view.
Comment: It's football. What they offer is representing Sheffield United as a club and a fanbase. Being competitive isn't easy, and that's part of football.
Comment: Mate don’t bring attention to us United fans.
Comment: They dont have a PL squad. All of this was expected imo. They have a decent chance to get back up, because that squad is pretty decent in the Championship, but they need to invest smart
Comment: They'll be fine, the owners probably accepted this pretty early which is why they've barely spent money on panic transfers. They'll go down to the champ with buckets of cash and come back up within 3 years in a much better position
Comment: Arsenal Vs. Sheffield Utd. Monday 4th March - goals, goals, goals! 🍿
Comment: Every United in the league has done pretty bad this season, all things considered.
Comment: I knew they were screwed when they sold their best player before the season kicked off. The fans must wish this season could just end and look forward to the derby next season if Wednesday stay up.
Comment: I feel for the fans. Owner didn't sell the club, lost key players and didn't replace them. 

It's hard enough for an newly promoted team, imo the club hired wilder on nostalgia.
Comment: poor Sean bean
Comment: Yeah, -44 GD is actually pretty mental. To be honest, I don’t think they come back up immediately but I can’t see them struggling terribly in the Championship. They’re a top 10 team down there for sure. However, the state they’re in right now and the budget they have…could be a long 3-6 year rebuild before they even think about making a push for promotion again.

Comment: Mass clearout of the championship standard squad that largely got them promoted? The entire reason they're going down is because they didn't have a mass clear out last summer and its mainly the same squad. The loan players will depart, a few may be sold and the rest will stay to help them mount another promotion push. Stupid article.
Comment: As a chelsea fan I am sure we will be ready to offer 100 million each for them, or let them go to Brighton for 10 million each and THEN offer 100 million for each.
Comment: There's some half decent players in there.

Vinicius, Archer, Hamer, McAtee. Have all performed ok in a really awful team.
Comment: League One beckons.
Comment: [Prince Abdullah live cam post season](https://youtu.be/t5uSuyVBp8A?si=_0sY7Lgunzzt799o&t=45)
Comment: They could have problems shifting em on recent performances 
Comment: I’m not aware of anyone that would appeal to a prem side. Is there anyone who could be worth a punt for a mid-table side or be a decent squad player?
Comment: Time to call big Sam 
Comment: Wish they just parked the bus against Arsenal and got a draw
Comment: Come back Gus, all is forgiven 💙
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: They came and saw what it is like to be at the top. Now go back to where you belong.

Comment: That scissor challenge could have ended Konaté's season. Looked pretty intentional too, and it wasnt an attempt to win the ball. How it didnt tear Konaté's ACL is a mystery to me.
Comment: If you want van dijk sent off for that, you are part of the problem with the sport, get a grip
Comment: If they'd have reviewed the Van Dijk neck thing they'd have just highlighted that the ref had been letting the Sheffield player hang off his shirt for the previous ten seconds without intervening.
Comment: Vvd is not a pen, the horror scissor takle is most certainly a red.
Comment: VVD one just isn't a red. I've seen it replayed enough times, maybe a yellow but that's about it. He pushed down on his collarbone, it's a yellow if it effects the guys ability to effect play, it's probably a warning because it doesn't. There is no attempt to choke or anything so not violent conduct or intent to injure. 

Konate one I have only seen replayed once, looked like the guy slipped off his standing leg so the question for me would be when his legs went towards Konate was that a natural movement for someone slipping or did he deliberately swing his legs towarda the players legs in an attempt to make contact. Like I say, I've not seen it enough to judge that but that has to be the only factor in the decision.

Disclaimer for the potential but hurt : These are both just opinions, specifically mine, you're entitled to disagree but I am attempting to remove any biase and be objective.

Overall tho, I assume they were reviewed and dismissed pretty quickly and just because we didn't see replays doesn't mean they didn't. Even if you disagree with these decisions they are in general 50/50 and even with some biase I don't think anyone with any reason could argue effectively that they are more than 70/30 so compared to a lot of more heinous mistakes VAR have made this season these are relatively forgivable.
Comment: The Vvd one? Come on! But yes, Sheffield united should’ve had a player sent off. But doesn’t get mentioned that much because Liverpool won, again!
Comment: They review everything, they just also get a lot wrong so it can be hard to tell if they looked at all sometimes
Comment: It should be a system like cricket where both teams get like 2 VAR reviews per match and they can use them to review a decision if they feel there's an error.

Would make it a lot simpler.
Comment: It's because VAR is performative theatre. If they send them to the screen the ref gives a red 99/100 times (it genuinely is about that high). So the VAR official only does it if it's (in their opinion) a clear red. Despite their own rules, there's no "clear and obvious" measure, since how can any subjective decision be clear and obvious?
Comment: In other news, water = wet.
Comment: VVDs looked fairly soft for a card at all, but it was certainly worth a warning. 

The scissors tackle looked bad and I am surprised it wasn't checked at all, but I am unsure on the intent and don't think it would have ended in anything.
Comment: Fans need to stop assuming that VAR doesn’t look at those incidents, they always do, they obviously just decided it didn’t merit a further review from the on-field referee, which is another debate in itself.
Comment: What makes you think that VAR didn’t review both incidents?
Comment: Tough, suck it up like Liverpool fans have been told on numerous occasions.
Comment: The scissor tackle was a tad dirty, wasn't in his natural movement, he made the effort to lunge himself further after his initial play on the ball.

Honestly I thought Osula looked a bit unhinged at times in general. I don't really watch Sheffield, is he usually just aggressive in the way he plays?
Comment: Need to get Vinnie Jones on VAR. He’s far more qualified than anyone else to know what is a dirty challenge or not. 
Comment: VAR actually checks everything. They just don't bring everything to the ref's attention unless they deem it worthy to.

Otherwise games would go on for hours.
Comment: They review all of those types of incidents. Just because the broadcaster didn't have a graphic up saying Var review doesn't mean they didn't do one.
Comment: VAR is always checking in the background.  Can we give it a rest?
Comment: Var reviews it all and it only get flagged if it seem to be a red. Both were bad but in a way more like orange cards. I think we just move on.

Comment: This is the rules from the PL website on phase of play for VAR to look at:

> The starting point for a phase of play that leads to a goal or penalty incident will be limited to the immediate phase and not necessarily go back to when the attacking team gained possession.

> Other factors for consideration will be the ability of the defence to reset and the momentum of the attack.

It's pretty vague to be fair but the line 'the ability of the defence to reset' probably comes into this with the refs believing they didn't have that ability as they never really left the box. 

Not sure whether I think that's a right call or not personally as I can see both sides.
Comment: I’d assume that they went off the basis of, if he wasn’t held he would’ve been able to clear the ball with a punch. Again no certainty he would’ve got it, but he looked pretty close to getting it even tho he was held. 

I think the rule of “phase of play” is pretty vague, so it’s open to interpretation of the VAR and the ref.

Regardless of the VAR decision, how stupid is that Sheffield player dribbling the ball out of his own box and then trying to make a tight pass right where the Villa player is. Absolute moronic decision imo, clear the ball towards their half and live to fight another day.
Comment: Phase of play is stupid. If it's foul, a foul
Would
Have been given and the next phase doesn't matter.

He had clear hold of the keepers arm. You can't do that. If he wasn't being held he catches that cross let alone punches it. 

Why it's being discussed is crazy
Comment: when is that ever a goal? VAR consistently calls foul in situations like that. and rightly so.
Comment: I was at the game. At the time was livid that goal was disallowed. Couldn’t really see what was going on in the one replay I got. Now I’ve watched it back it absolutely should’ve been disallowed, the opportunity simply wouldn’t have come up without Ramsey holding the keeper. Having said that, I think there were two instances when we should’ve got penalties, with the Watkins shove being the most obvious. 

Having said all that, fair fucking play to Sheffield they played their game plan nearly perfectly.
Comment: Doesn't matter. If the foul was called originally like it should have been then nothing that followed it would have happened. Literally irrelevant to the conversation.
Comment: Not seen it mentioned here either the villa player(ramsay I think) was being fouled by the defender other side of him at same time as foul on keeper, possibly starting before. Was personally surprised there wasn't also a penalty check if they decided the goal isn't stand for a foul when there is a foul in same instance other way at pretty much same time
Comment: Probably because they still never got rid so phase is still a villa attack when it should have been a Sheffield free kick
Comment: The correct decision was made in the end. Anyone upset about this because maybe they didn’t follow the letter of the law exactly is kidding themselves.

The spirit of fair play was followed, so I’m satisfied.
Comment: If foderingham wasn’t fouled he would have punched it out of the box and everything that followed wouldn’t have happened
Comment: Foderingham was clearly going to punch the ball  if it wasn't for Ramsey to hold his hand and prevent him from jumping properly
Comment: VAR is fucking destroying our game. Look how it didn’t intervene when Sheffield United scored that phantom goal when goal line didn’t work
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Take that word "literally" out of your post and it makes no difference. You don't need that useless crutch word to get your point across.
Comment: It’s a fix, the FA with VAR can now keep the league going until the last game so nobody runs away with it and the top spot changes weekly
Comment: The main question is, was it a clear and obvious error by the ref? And the answer is yes, because if the ref sees that then he whistles for a foul. It’s not like he played advantage and then Sheff Utd effed it up.
Comment: That would have been disallowed 9/10 but the Newcastle/Arsenal game earlier a push was allowed? Also the push on Watkins at the start - a penalty in many situations. Oh well - it’s a point gained. SHU don’t have enough to escape relegation based on their performance so far
Comment: If Villa don't get a free kick (penalty as it was in the box) for one of their players being pulled back and them pushed to the floor in the 1st half why is less of a pull on the Sheffield keeper a free kick in the 2nd half?
Not a Villa fan either!
Comment: It's basically the same foul that akanji did on Alison in that game.
Comment: Joke

Comment: Gonna go down poorly with the fans this one I can tell you. He is the perfect man to get us back up into the premiership, he hasn’t been backed by the owner of board at all. You can see this with players like Ollie Watkins going to Villa for 70k per week when we only offer 25-30.
Comment: Sheffield United haven’t played well at all this year var a few matches but this feels so wrong.

IMO he would have been the person to get them back up next year.

Even though they are last this really feels harsh
Comment: So Sheffield United fans, who do you want?
Comment: Time to prepare to go down
Comment: Look at Farke at Norwich. He wasn’t sacked when they went down and he’s bringing them back up. Wilder would probably done the same.

The fault lies with the owners not investing properly, although I think they overpaid for the Liverpool striker.
Comment: I’m not sure how much of a say he’s had in transfers since they got promoted but he deserves a lot of blame if he was in charge of it. Some utterly woeful signings.

Nothing about McBurnie in the Championship suggested he was worth £20m

Same with Brewster, mind boggling.
Comment: Sacked or left on his own terms?
Comment: If (when) they go down there is no better candidate to bring them back up than Chris Wilder so it's mind boggling.
Comment: It's enough to make a grown man cry
Comment: What is Sheffield bosses expect to happened, now that they sacked wilder???

I've never understand these decisions..
Comment: Manager of the year last season for me
Comment: Who is likely to be the successor?
Comment: That's a real shame, i wish he could of finished the season. They were actually playing for him so sad.
Comment: At this point, what difference will it make? If he left or was sacked after 9 or 10 games under the current trajectory, that would have been sad but reasonable. Him leaving now does absolutely nothing for the team.
Comment: If they wanted to sack him, they should have done around Christmas. Give themselves the opportunity and as well for him. 
This guy did a great job, promoted them to PL, then almost got the Europa League spot last year. Now it is too late. He will indeed find a better club that can back him up financially.
Comment: I didn't expect this
Comment: I feel for Sheffield United fans but their best chance of survival was Wilder, their best chance of promotion was Wilder, their best long term hope was Wilder.

Unfortunately, the club will suffer because of this and all of the impending misery serves the owners right.
Comment: It´s still unofficial.  News title updated:  "Chris Wilder to leave Sheffield United with club bottom of Premier League table"
Comment: This is saddening, wilder done a tremendous job, can’t see anyone else getting more out of that squad
Comment: When?

Comment: And replace him with who? Lampard?
Comment: What do they expect the guy to do? It’s a team that’s gone as far as it can, with the resources it has. It’s a top championship, bottom prem team.
Comment: They should’ve given the job to Paul Hecking Mid-Table
Comment: It's sad because he's done an incredible job to get them up and wasn't helped by losing a couple of key players over the summer, but sometimes things reach a point where this just has to happen. They're *so* bad I think it's getting towards being untenable for him to continue. It's not just the losses, it's how bad they look in those losses.

At this point it's just a case of trying to steady the ship and go down with some fight.
Comment: Ah just in time for some new manager bounce against us. What a time to be alive.
Comment: Alexa, play Sacked in the Morning by 442oons.
Comment: Hiring Chris Wilder is the definition of sentimental football for Sheffield United.

He was one of the worst managers in the Championship in the past two seasons.
Comment: What did they expect selling their best players before the season kicked off.
Comment: You lose 5-0 to relegation rivals. Yea you're gone dude
Comment: Stephen Kenny’s found his new gig
Comment: This is what happens when you're Heckingbottom of the league and not Heckingtop of it
Comment: I’ll miss his name. It always sounds like an old timey way of snobby catcalling. It’s like the Downton Abbey way of saying nice ass.
Comment: Heck no!
Comment: ***The Telegraph's John Percy reports:***

Paul Heckingbottom is expected to be sacked by Sheffield United today and become the first Premier League managerial dismissal of the season.

Heckingbottom’s two-year reign as manager is close to ending as the club take action following the 5-0 defeat at Burnley on Saturday.

Chris Wilder, the former United manager, is emerging as a strong contender to replace Heckingbottom and make his return to Bramall Lane.

United are bottom of the league after 11 defeats from 14 matches and United are set to hold talks with the 46-year-old this morning.

Runners-up in the Championship last season, the club has come under scrutiny for its transfer strategy over the summer which resulted in the sales of key players Iliman Ndiaye and Sander Berge.

Heckingbottom admitted his frustration at being unable to keep his squad together following the heavy defeat at Turf Moor. Supporters also chanted “Hecky out” towards the end of the thrashing.

“I wanted to keep the group together but we couldn’t,” he told the BBC.

“We couldn’t because of the last few years and the financial implications. If we’d tied them down \[on longer contracts\] then we probably wouldn’t have sold those players.

“There wasn’t a desire from the ownership to sell, but a necessity from a business point of view. We’ve been making financial decisions rather than football decisions. Of course that affects me. I didn’t want it to happen.”

Wilder guided United to promotion out of League One and the Championship and is expected to replace Heckingbottom.

A former player for the club, Wilder left the club by mutual consent in March 2021 after nearly five years in charge.

He was last in work with Watford, spending just two months at Vicarage Road before leaving at the end of last season.

**Link: https://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2023/12/04/sheffield-united-to-sack-paul-heckingbottom-premier-league/**
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: The double edge sword of getting promoted to the premier league for managers.
Comment: Before we face them too
Comment: It was the manner of the defeat, not the defeat itself.
Comment: Oh heck
Comment: Well, they’re fecking bottom, so makes sense.

Comment: Heckingbottom of the league
Comment: Mate he stinks. He’s tactically inept and we’re one of the worst teams in Europes top 5 leagues if not THE worst. We’ve played Bournemouth and Burnley and made them both look like world beaters. I understand that we aren’t the best run club. But we’ve got more talent than Luton and they don’t seem to capitulate every weekend.
Comment: Sheffield going down seems like a foregone conclusion and it doesn't really matter who's at the helm when the ship sinks. The owner clearly wasn't interested in keeping them up so what's the point in wasting money replacing him.
Comment: *Steve Bruce has entered the chat….*
Comment: Not a Sheff Utd fan but... how much would change if they sacked him? They might get better, but still not convinced that squad is good enough to stay up, nd Heckingbottom has done wonders in the Championship for them. Is it really worth it?
Comment: Bring back Warnock to add to the joys of Christmas. #nationaltreasure
Comment: I'll never understand that thing about immediately sacking managers. Who would do anything with Sheffield?! Who?! Have a look at their roster. Same with Burnley.

Sometimes you just don't have the team. It's so stupid to always want to sack the manager. Like anyone would make them a CL contender...
Comment: No offence to the Sheffield United fans you simply don’t have the squad to survive now ther do Luton- go back through my post history I said pre season all to be relegated - 

Sheff Utd could have Pep in charge and it wouldn’t make any difference IMO they are just destined for relegation 

- Sheff Utd 
- Bournemouth 
- Luton
Comment: Feels a little like they've accepted going down and are just keeping him as someone who can get them promoted again next season.
Comment: I do have a large amount of sympathy for him, he got sold under the bridge with the Ndiaye/Berge sales in the summer and he’s been dealt a dreadful hand with the amount of shit he’s had to put up with since taking over. Last season he comfortably got us promoted and reached an FA Cup semi whilst working under transfer embargos, a disinterested owner, a training ground that’s not fit for purpose etc. replacing him for someone else is just deckchairs on the titanic and until our owner sells up we are going to be stuck in this cycle

That being said, he has to go. We’ve been absolutely pathetic. I don’t expect this group of players to stay up but Heckingbottom is not getting anywhere near the best out of them. We cannot play another 24 games of this hopeless bollocks. I refuse to believe that someone like (fucking hell I can’t believe I’m saying this) Warnock wouldn’t do better and atleast salvage some face from this season
Comment: Hecky is a proper football man. He deserves time.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Paul Slane called this guy out for the fraud he was a long time ago!
Comment: My stance: We got promoted with him and I cancelled my season ticket for the first time in 18 years because I could see what was coming. We used to get the ball to Ndiaye and hope he could do something, now that isn’t possible there’s no plan
Comment: I was defending him staunchly until yesterday.

On one hand, he’s had one of the best winning records as United manager in the Championship and he’s earned his chance, and a lot of the problems right now aren’t his fault, but the ownership’s poor investment.

On the other hand, it appears (like Wilder) he’s got no Plan B. He just looks shell-shocked after games and then trots out exactly the same thing next game.

I don’t know exactly what someone else will do differently without major investment in the transfer window. But I’m starting to feel, after yesterday that something needs to change.
Comment: Not a Blades fan but I feel for him. He’s done great to get them up and had the two best players sold. Lol. We can talk all we like about fight but if they don’t have the quality, every week is going to be an uphill battle and they won’t always perform well.
Comment: You mean Paul Fecking-bottom-of-the-table?
Comment: I think after the humiliating defeat at Burnley.. time for him to go
Comment: The only two reasons i can think of as to why he’s not been relieved of his duties is because Sheffield United have accepted relegation and maybe also can’t afford to sack him.

He’s a piss poor manager which his track record before Sheffield United and the results this season have really shown it. 8-0 against Newcastle, 5-0 against Arsenal and now 5-0 today against a Burnley side who are just as poor as Sheffield United. 

IMO in the Championship he’s a man who just benefited majorly from Sheffield United still having a lot of the squad Wilder got promoted with yet still took as long as he did to get them back in the league. But in the Premier League, he’s one of the worst coaches I’ve ever seen at that level, perhaps even the worst. He failed at Barnsley, Leeds and Hibernian. How on earth has he remained in a job for this long this season? 😂
Comment: Idk who that is but is that his real name 😭

Comment: Congratulations Blades!

Every game between our sides feels like a battle, hope we get to have a couple next season
Comment: Please buy Rob holding he’d be great for you thanks
Comment: Time for Maguire to leads the lads to greatness😈
Comment: Billy Sharp ready to go again
Comment: Delighted for John Egan surprised no PL club took a chance on him as at least a back up centre half
Comment: Congrats to them!
Comment: The blades are premier league once more!
Comment: Good for the Blades.
Comment: That tv deal really killing the championship haha
Comment: Congratulations to them they did great in the FA cup as well they had a lucky run as well
Comment: We’re back!
Comment: We'll make sure Hawkeye is on this time. Welcome back.
Comment: Congratulations, Sheffield. This guarantees we will have a Yorkshire team in the Premier League next season.  Nice to see you back.

With Leeds United being close to the drop, you should be able to pick-up some decent bargains. Just don't take any of their defense, strikers, coaches, or Victor Orta.

Enjoy!
Comment: How has Mactee been???
Comment: Nice one. Congratulations
Comment: What an amazing season.
Comment: Kinda hoping sunderland get the final promotion spot
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Congratulations Sheffield
Comment: Any Decent FPL Assets for next year?

Comment: "United" really clears things up..
Comment: Shall we just agree to call it Billy Sharp FC instead?????
Comment: What if we're talking about Wednesday or FC?
Comment: I would have thought that Sheffield United fans are happy that they are so far ahead of the Owls that people consider Sheffield a one team town now?
Comment: If there are two teams in Sheffield then you are not United anyway
Comment: Sheffield tuesday it is then.
Comment: Thank you! Every time I hear just "Sheffield" part of me dies inside.
Comment: Yeah cuz United is a unique qualifier
Comment: Thank You Kanye, Very Cool.
Comment: Not trying to be ignorant or anything. Why is this important? I know there's more than one club called Sheffield, but is there another reason? I noticed some comments was refering to football history.
Comment: Sheffield are shit anyway who cares

Daily reminder no one will really care or remember when you get relegated.


Nice comments, I understand you're type of sports is cheerleaders and 40 men bashing each other while football in your country is a kids sport But show some respect to the premier league and It's teams, THey don't need you, you need them so respect the people from UK ( i am not one of them) as they own this league
Comment: I hate when people use just 'United' for Manchester United, it doesn't reflect the other Manchester club,  F.C. United of Manchester.
Comment: “What’s your availability to manage a football team in Sheffield?” “I can’t manage Wednesday”, Tim Vine
Comment: You mean Sheffield?
Comment: If you think I'm going to say Sheffield United everytime I talk about then your greatly mistaken.
Comment: Sheffield FC is the [oldest existing football club in the world](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sheffield_F.C) founded in 1857
Comment: In context, if we're specifically discussing the Premier league (which this subreddit is dedicated to) I think we can get away with just saying Sheffield
Comment: Real Sheffield
Comment: Yeah hate it when Sheffield is disrespected!
Comment: Its Dee Dar

Comment:  Because some rules are “in scope” of VAR and some aren’t.

Is that a shit system? Yeah probably but you can’t go back and review every small matter after each goal.

Really the on field referee and linesman should be doing their job for a foul throw.
Comment: VAR can't intervene on foul throws. From the ifab var manual:

"In general,  incorrect restarts ... are not reviewed unless they are a serious misapplication of the Laws of the Game. Because they are not match-changing decisions and should be detected by the match officials."

Nicked this from the Dale Johnson ESPN var review about a Soucek goal for West Ham. You can read the article [here](https://www.espn.co.uk/football/story/_/id/37631546/tottenham-penalty-isak-offside-ramsdale-foul)

Not saying the rule is right on this, but it does seem to be the case.
Comment: I mean the VAR didn’t give Spurs the pen, so once again useless.
Comment: VAR can’t look at every detail it would be impossible but the linesman should have seen it.
Comment: I run the line for my son's under 15 team and I am supposed to check for overstepping on throws, same as not placing the ball on the line for corners etc. Can't imagine why a prem linesman can't.
Comment: May be wrong, but I think the official rule is that if the player's surname is not "Bellerin" then they can effectively do whatever they want during throw-ins (as long as they are punctual).
Comment: Lol.

Former referee here.

Every camera angle I've seen shows that there is nothing wrong with this throw in. Look up the protocol for throw in. Unless you've got a camera angle where one of his feet has completely crossed the line (just like how goals are determined) then the throw in is good. I'd be surprised if that law has changed since I've stopped officiating. 

If you are complaining about the location of the throw in, then know that referees have always been very liberal about where throw ins are taken. 

Both feet must be on or behind the line (or one foot on the line and the other behind the line). As long as neither foot is completely over the line or neither foot comes off the ground then it's a good throw in. The furthest forward foot better be touching the paint and not crossing the line.

You remind me (I was lino that day) of this one fan I distinctly remember who swore at me every time he thought there was a bad throw in because a guy kept taking his throw ins where his toes were on the pitch but his heels were still touching the paint. After 10 of those throw ins he still didn't figure it out.
Comment: It’s not a foul throw? Stepping on the line is perfectly okay. As long as the thrower does not completely enter the field of play. So as long as the foot is in contact with the line in some way, it’s legal
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Foul throws stopped being given a few seasons ago. Bellerin was always being called up for it and then they had 1 year where they were strict and it's gone to shit again, like with most rules
Comment: Just get rid of the foul throw rule, who cares how the ball gets back into play, stupid rule anyway

Comment: Anybody but City ? Huh . The PL won't charge their darlings and their primary bread earners now , won't they ? .
Comment: Can City have their points deducted next year when they play in the championship too?
Comment: Looking forward to when they find some balls to deduct Manchester City
Comment: When will Manchester City face theirs???
Comment: So if they were to miraculously stay up, would they not face the points deduction next season? Do they HAVE to be out of top-flight to incur the deduction?
Comment: This is getting ridiculous lmao
Comment: the leagues need to stand firm on this, i can feel a sea tide of 'this is a farce everyone is getting deductions'. this is the hard part now. see it through. 12-18 months clubs will now they can't, and how not to break the rules 

of course they won't do the above. they'll scrap it.
Comment: Deducting points next season seems a lot more fair than deducting points midway through/towards the end.
Comment: Now if Sheffield Utd somehow get their shit together and avoid relegationby one point over Forest who got a point deduction this season... 
Comment: My Sunday league team about to be deducted points at this rate
Comment: [removed]
Comment: its kind of worrying clubs are feeling like they have to break sustainability rules to spend so much, and they still end up that shit. Every year the promoted 3 normally are tipped to go right back down but it normally doesnt happen, would be bad for the league if it ends up being an established 17 in the league that just have way more money than everyone and cant get relegated.

&#x200B;

Hopefully its just that Sheffield are run by morons
Comment: Haha - “when”.
Comment: The comedy continues
Comment: So stupid some clubs get them now. And some do for next season. 

Either all now. Or all next season. 

If Sheffield’s are next season. Everton and forest should’ve been given it for next season.  

City and Chelsea ain’t even worth talking about because they’re worth far more money and are far more convoluted so it takes longer to solve.

Rob from a corner shop and the police will be round to sort you out quicker than if you’re committing fraud. It’s just a lot easier and simple to probe. So they go after them to make it look like they’re doing something. 

Premier league are just going after these smaller charges first while they wait for the big ones. Because they know everything’s gonna take ages. So they need to make it look like they’re actually doing shit. But they’re honestly just totally inept. Whole things corrupt from top to bottom with all clubs trying to get whatever edge they can and pushing rules to the absolute limit. Not just City and Chelsea’s mad spending. 

Football finances are just fucked. It’s getting to a crazy stage where it’s not sustainable when any idiot owner can take over a club. ( Mr Boehly looking at you ).

When even the ‘small clubs’ are spending way behind their means and such huge sums of money. There’s a big problem. 

City is bad because they’re spending a fuck ton same with Chelsea. But some of the smaller clubs breaches are pretty high % wise of what they bring in. 

You’ve got literal relegation fodder clubs spending 100m +.

Everyone no matter how big or how small needs to be reeled in and this crazy shit needs to stop. We are heading to the point of needing hard salary caps / transfer caps.
Comment: Sounds fair.

Best to kickem when they're down.

😔
Comment: OJ Simpson died for this
Comment: Can’t wait to see all the comments about “what about the City charges”
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: *Laughs in Man City*

Comment: The Irish Guy in the mud
Comment: Maybe the "burnout" everyone talks about is all the other teams who burn out in the 70th minute?
Comment: I (very riskily) picked Leeds to finish 7th this year and was hilariously not far off
Comment: Irish guy is getting the patrick bamford playing the violin tatoo
Comment: It's unbelievable that newly promoted teams can show this type of performance such as Wolves, Sheffield first season and now Leeds

Yet Everton with a ton of PL money, a billionaire owner and a world class manager struggle so bad for a top 7 finish. This team have such a loser mentality I can't stand it.

Congratulations to Leeds tho 🙌🏼
Comment: Strangely, the thing that baffles me the most about this is that it was only 2 seasons ago Wolves were having their first season back up. Feels like they have been established as an EPL side for way longer than that. I remember them doing exceptionally well on their first season back up, but I swear it was much longer ago lol. Mad how time does that to you when you are sweating the Championship year in and year out.
Comment: Top of the league over the last 10 games too
Comment: Aren't they also within a shout of playing in Europe too? Conference spot goes to 7th I think with one of the top 4 winning UCL, LC winning FA and Utd probably winning Europa? And West Ham probably being a bottle job.
Comment: After watching Bamford last week, I thought he was spent; his legs were done for the year.
How wrong I was. He was brilliant today
Comment: [removed]
Comment: Someone is getting a tattoo of Patrick Bamford
Comment: I always figured you'd be top half - given the degree to which you were better than Fulham and us during the previous season, and the genuine coups you got in the summer with the likes of Raphina - but it's still an astounding achievement to have finished so close to Europe in a season when there's been relatively strong competition for those places from so many contenders.

Can only hope Bielsa sticks around for a while.
Comment: Just wanted to say how impressive bamford is. Not on the field (although he is impressive there to) but in his interviews, he doesnt just spew the same safe answers. Today his explanation of what happened with the pen incident. He is bang on, if the referees are so bad that they only give freekicks and pens when a player hits the deck no wonder we get so many awful penalties and so much diving
Comment: Leeds have done very well this season. The style of play has caused teams so much trouble. Just a question to leeds fans tho drawing to what happened to Sheffield United this season do fear teams next season might have worked out the Leeds tactics and the team will face a different second season. 

You can point to injury at Sheffield this season but a lot of teams worked out how not only shut down the full backs coming forward but to use the style against Sheffield. The team seemed unable to play another system to get out of trouble. Do you fear the same might happen to Leeds next season ?
Comment: Fair play to you, mate, Leeds have been a joy to watch, they play brilliant attacking football, not when you played against us at home though XD.

&#x200B;

Jokes aside, good job on securing the top half finish. Hopefully they perform the same next season.
Comment: Poor Irish guy
Comment: Bielsa effect
Comment: Piece of piss this shit overrated top heavy wank plastic as fuck league
Comment: So they're getting relegated next season then?
Comment: Done amazingly well this year, so pleased for them! Let's back it up next year!

Comment: Even Derby had more points than that in *that* season at this point. They’re on track to be the worst prem team of all time, although I’ll still be amazed if it actually happens
Comment: I think so. If I’m correct, Sunderland had 5 points through 15 matches in 2005-06 and that’s the worst I believe. A couple teams have had 6 points through 15 matches in the Prem. Queens Park Rangers was one of them recently like 8 years ago.

So Sheffield United has them beat.
Comment: What most impresses me it's that they weren't play for the win yesterday. Defending and waiting for the result to come against a poor performance Everton. When you have two points after 15 games, shouldn't you play to win every match whatever it takes?

They're getting what they deserve, tbh
Comment: Worse than THAT Derby side I’m fairly certain. They need at least 3 wins to beat out Derby’s record
Comment: According to [this article](https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/football/55456610) it’s the joint worst start in the history of the English football league. 

Two teams equalled it back in the 1970s but they were in the 4th tier.

No one has ever been worse in the PL era or in the top flight of English football.
Comment: What happened after the last season? Sheffield was such a refreshing addition to PL, bit like Leeds this season. Finished comfortably 9th with 54pts 😲
Comment: Or another way of putting it, they've dropped 43 points from a potential 45 so far
Comment: Is Wilder not sacked because of his past or because there's nobody better?

I'm not saying he should be sacked but just curious. Their situation reminds of leceister after winning the title
Comment: I think it is also closing in on the longest time without a win. I could be wrong though.
Comment: Don’t worry, they haven’t played Newcastle yet!
Comment: Don’t worry us Palace being a charity team for out of form players, players returning to injury, or teams in need of a first win or in bad form, so at least that’s 3 points for them soon
Comment: At what point are they mathematically relegated?
Comment: They might finish with the least points but they will not be the worst of all time. That Derby team was consistently bad and frequently battered while Sheffield this season have only lost by more than one three times (0-2 vs Wolves, 4-1 vs Chelsea and 3-0 vs S’oton)
Comment: It's the worst start in EPL history and the worst start since 1920 when Man U got 0 points from 12 games. (1 after 15)
Comment: I heard it’s actually one of the worst starts to a top flight season in English football history! Not just the premier league. Unbelievable considering the season they had last year
Comment: The Derby side was worse, they were just tragic. But this Sheffield side have lost something crazy like 10 games lost with 1 goal in it. They might not get more points but they are Better then that God awful derby side
Comment: I don't get it, before vivid they were doing really well? What happened?
Comment: Idk but it's sad
Comment: I think MOTD said they were the first team to be winless in the top-flight at Christmas since 1902
Comment: Should ask them to play Chelsea :p

Comment: A blessing in disguise. He's been slow and seems out of it this season. Hope that Hannibal could play with ambarat in the centre. We need Hannibal's work rate to compensate Rashy atrocious defensive work lol.

No matter what we say, I'm sure the boss will play Rashford lol.
Comment: He's been shit this season and the tail end of last season. Plus, he's a liability for red cards. 

We paid £70 fucking million for this player and got 6 months worth of value out of him. Shocking waste of money. 

United seriously need to sort out their recruitment department... we can't keep signing Real Madrid leftovers who are past their prime and expect them to be consistent top performers.
Comment: Let the Mc-Amrabaat  reign continue
Comment: Great. Just great
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Too good for the team
Comment: You can find predictions for the match here: https://betbettie.com/game/manchester-united-dominate-sheffield-united-23/
Comment: No loss. He's done.

Comment: No. It’d open up a huge can of worms when everyone tries to sue for every mistake this season. We alone could point to that horrendous Kevin Friend error at Palace and the Arsenal handball that wasn’t given that has cost us at least two points. City’s second goal in the Carabao final came from a corner that shouldn’t have been given. If we go down, I don’t think we’d have a case to sue for our share of the Premier League and Carabao money.

It was a horrendous error, but it’s far from the only one this season. Hell, it’s not even the only one that’s affected Sheffield United.
Comment: Mistakes happen and this is the first instance of Hawkeye making a mistake in over 9000(?) Games. 

So that's fine. It happens, but clearly the lino has no intention of actually looking as to whether the ball was over the line, because he usually has the safety net of Hawkeye and VAR hasn't gotten involved in what is without doubt a clear and obvious error. 

THAT to me is worrying, that something so blatant has been missed by the 3 different entities in place to make sure we get the correct outcome and that all that came out to it was a pretty empty apology.
Comment: How do we know that the goal wouldn't have inspired Aston Villa to victory? 

&#x200B;

That, in my opinion is one of the reasons they can't really do anything.
Comment: I doubt it, what shappens in the game finishes with the whistle. not fair but that is usually the case. these things unfortunately happen,   


I would say - should the keeper show sportsmanship and say yes it went over the line
Comment: Is it true that the GLT was not working/turned on?
Comment: The laws of the game are really quite clear on this and so even if they did sue (which they won't) it doesn't matter because each club sign up to these laws. They need to keep improving the technology and training of referees so that we minimise the factual errors in the game. 

Rule 5 The Referee: 

"The decisions of the referee regarding facts connected with play, including whether or not a goal is scored and the result of the match, are final. The decisions of the referee, and all other match officials, must always be respected.

The referee may not change a restart decision on realising that it is incorrect or on the advice of another match official if play has restarted or the referee has signalled the end of the first or second half (including extra time) and left the field of play or abandoned the match."
Comment: Nothing will happen, this is no different to wrong goal decisions being made before GLT came into play.
Comment: Well, no. They don't do that. What's done is done. If someone start to do this then a referee has a high chance of being sued every single game.
Comment: There have been legal discussions for matches on the 2nd Bundesliga for less this year.
Comment: Doesn't need over ruling when it works. But between the lino and VAR someone should be bringing it to the refs attention they they think there could have been a mistake. Then it can be reviewed in the same was as a foul or offside. It was clear to see a mistake was made, even in real time. Wouldn't take much time or effort to fox and get the correct decision
Comment: Nope
Comment: No
Comment: There is a lot of excesive hatred towards refs but they aren't helping their case either. It's time they get their shit together and give some yellow cards to their own staff.
Comment: There is a lot of excesive hatred but they don't help their case either. It's time they get their sht together and give some yellow cards to their own staff.
Comment: There is absolutely no chance of a legal challenge for the same reason you cannot appeal a red card for a second yellow. In that case you’d technically be appealing the yellow rather than the red, and the number of bookings that would be appealed when players already had 4 would overwhelm the system. This kind of stuff happens in football all the time, trophies have been won and lost based on massive errors, but I 100% guarantee that if the crowd had been there it would’ve gone to VAR and been given.
Comment: We’re still waiting for the compensation from ufea  for the ghost goal against Liverpool
Comment: It could cost Sheffield United money to stay in the premier league and that in unfair
Comment: Can we have the goal or non goal vs Crystal Palace, penalty decisions vs Spurs, Arsenal and last night vs Sheff Utd legally discussed?
Comment: If they were gonna legally contest stuff like that then wolves would win the league
Comment: While it was an awful decision, it’s not even the first time this has happened. Arsenal very well could have been playing in the champions league this season had Azpilicuetas goal against Cardiff been disallowed, as it was clearly offside. Chelsea  won the game 2-1 and finished 2 points above arsenal with worse goal difference. Had the goal not been allowed Chelsea and Arsenal would have been level on points and arsenal would have better goal difference.

Comment: Spurs winning the players sidelined metric due to suspensions and injuries  🫠
Comment: Even as a Newcastle fan who knows exactly how bad things have been, it’s kinda stark seeing those numbers… almost double a lot of the teams we’re trying to rival in the league. So many to key players as well. At least all the Howe out shit has died down since Sunderland
Comment: Spurs technically not as many but we really lost our key players in the Chelsea game
Comment: Sheffield Utd are having an injury crisis?

Is that why they're struggling so much or are their injured players all shit too?
Comment: Newcastle and Brentford have lost players for more than 200 days more than Man Utd through injury alone (not talking about our gamblers). Why would Man Utd be mentioned along with us when their injury days are closer to spurs?
Comment: We have a starting 11 in rehab. Gotta love it.
Comment: How useful is this information really? It doesn’t have any breakdown nor share where the data was compiled from. Does it weigh multiple injuries to one position vs just injuries in general? Starters or key players vs squad players?
Does is could players who were injured before the season started and have yet to feature (ie Thiago?). 
Any of the above analysis would be proper journalism this is just a factoid basically.
Comment: Difference is Brentford are actually missing majority of there starting eleven, but they never get the headline injury crisis do they… cos that would involve corrupt six media to know their squad
Comment: Hi /u/ajtct98, Such posts are usually better suited using the [Daily Discussion Thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/PremierLeague/search/?q=flair%3ADaily%20Discussion%20Thread&restrict_sr=1&t=day).

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Liverpool: am I a joke to you?
Comment: I feel like despite injuries United have a squad more than capable of winning games so it’s really not much of an excuse for them. 

Chelsea very much the same. 

Shame with Brightons - they seem to have fell off a cliff.  I really wanted to see them smash it this season.

Comment: we’re going down, we don’t have enough quality going forward and we concede way too many chances to sustainably get results. the gulf between us and even just the Fulhams, Palaces, Evertons etc is massive. Our only hope is if Burnley, Luton and Bournemouth continue at the rate they are and something like 25 points is enough to stay up. If any of those properly turn a corner then we’re doomed

having said that though we’re also probably somewhat unlucky to only have 5 pts so far, 8-0 vs Newcastle and 5-0 vs Arsenal aside we’ve atleast been fairly competitive in most games (especially at home) and have fallen victim to a lot of late goals. we’re a bit crap but we’re not going to break unwanted records or anything

We’ve also not been helped by a fucking abhorrent injury list (something like 12 first team players out at its peak). This was especially prevalent in our first 2/3 games where we could genuinely barely even field a team and had u18s coming off the bench. This situation wasn’t helped by us selling Ndiaye and Berge the week before the season started and taking way too long to get players in 

Jack Robinson has been our best player by a country mile so far with Foderingham, McBurnie, Baldock and Hamer behind him. Trusty has improved us defensively since he’s come into the team too. Archers been ok and definitely has something about him but often looks totally isolated in games (granted not really his fault)
Comment: They look decent in patches but they look like they fade physically a lot towards the end of games. Not meant to be dismissive or rude, it's extremely difficult for them to compete in this league. They aren't disgracing themselves by any means.
Comment: Said it earlier this season but they don't have enough to stay up for me. They arguably have a weaker squad overall than they did last year and whilst they have a bit about them it's just not enough. 

Have battled a lot going against them and financial difficulties so credit to them but there's just a big difference in terms of quality to them and a lot of PL teams.
Comment: They got promoted and then promptly sold off all their best players, including 1 to a direct rival.

Safe to say,.they are fucked. Like ze rabbit.
Comment: Looking rough. It's not helping that a lot of the teams that were predicting to have tougher seasons have been doing really well. Wolves, Forest, and Everton have all exceeded expectations. Likely to go down, but Burnley and Bournemouth are big question marks as to whether they can turn things around. Especially Burnley as they seem to have full trust in Kompany despite the poor results.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: I feel this post been created for the sole reason of promoting r/ArsenalFC as it's in the shadows of r/gunners.
Comment: Was only 6...
Comment: Looking a bit empty here. I'll fill it in for you.

Liverpool fans: "They've only played shit teams (please don't look at the results and see that we were one of those 'shit teams) / blah blah injuries (which mostly happened after we played them)

Chelsea fans: "blah blah CL Trophy (because our club is no longer relevant)"

Tottenham fans: "blah blah they think they could win a trophy, bottlers FC !!! (and i would know, I'm an expert)"

City fans: "I'm not going to say much because I'm actually a little bit worried about them right now and we're favourites" or "If I've said it once, I've said it 115 times, Arsenal will not win"

United fans: "I can't lie, they look pretty damn good right now (I wish ETH could get my team playing half as good as Arsenal)"
Comment: My team scored 9 against a team in red stripes and black shorts, but guess there's next week.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Foderingham with the added time assist. Bless that man.
Comment: The SHU goal was from a long throw, not a corner. 

So many Spurs fans have suffered seeing goals
Like that doom the team to dropping points. Feels like there is a collective belief in the club now!
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Everyone loves a comeback story from the good guys
Comment: We Spursed up being Spursy. I don’t know how to process this.
Comment: Ref should have carded the Sheffield GK for time wasting early on.
Comment: I stopped watching to make lunch at around 84’…what the hell happened?
Comment: Had a cheeky £5 on spurs to win at 0-1 on the 90th min @29-1. As a Gooner, I have mixed feelings.
Comment: My thoughts (and I’m super biased) is that there should have been about three penalties for spurs before Sheffield even scored. But I’m pretty happy with the effort through the end. And was probably an ok game for a neutral.
Comment: Thought it was over for a second there. Gonna wait for the highlights lol
Comment: Eat shit Sheffield you time wasting cunts. God that felt good to win that game after suffering through their molasses bullshit
Comment: So happy for Richy and love how Ange is instilling confidence in this team despite a pretty frustrating game overall.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: They conceded 13 goals to Newcastle alone.
Comment: Don't think this is that significant...with 20 teams in the league, the average team should conceed 5% of goals. With some teams doing better and some teams doing worse than average, you would expect the relegation teams to conceed more than 5% of the goals.
Comment: Not as much as i thought
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Don’t give Boehly ideas please
Comment: 90 minutes of the opposition just leathering the ball at you sounds no fun at all.
Comment: I'd probably start watching them play
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: How about at kick off keep the team huddle, surround the ball, have one in the centre controlling the ball and make your way to the goal then open up and shoot or try and walk the huddle into the goal.
Comment: In 90 minutes I'd be betting that the opposition could score. The 7 footers will have terrible reactions for headers, and will slouch after the first 10. They will lose almost every game, and against a team with a specialist free kick taker by more than 1
Comment: Just... get close and kick it low?

I mean, I'm no expert but I feel like if you just gave premier league quality footballers an hour and a half plus added time to essentially play glorified foot squash they'd find a way sooner rather than later, be it my idea or not
Comment: That's not a tactic, that's a firing squad.

I don't think it would work. I'm not sure if there is a rule against kicking the ball directly at an opponent to deliberately hurt them, but I can't see it being given as a foul if the defender is standing unmoving on the goalline. Any team facing this legion of enormous Scott Sterlings (Scotts Sterling? Scotts Sterlings? Is there a special collective noun? Do write in with the answer) would simply dribble to the edge of the area, give it to their set piece specialist... and it's goodnight.

No person can take that sort of punishment for an hour and a half. Playing red-arse was bad enough, but at least that wasn't face-on and against a professional footballer. Can you imagine standing perfectly still while Erling Haaland or James Ward-Prowse cunt the ball directly into your face from 8 yards away? You can? How about doing it another few dozen times after that? I think that after not very long, somebody flinches, accidentally handles the ball or enough defenders get concussed that they have to call the game.
Comment: This is so American, I love it.
Comment: What’s the goalie doing all this time? Manically running around trying to stop the series of set up volleys?
Comment: Why wouldnt you just hire one 24ft by 8ft goalkeeper?
Comment: Even if that worked, it's too late this season, and it won't get them promoted back up next season.
Comment: I’m sorry that this post is how you found out that you are autistic
Comment: Hahahaha
Comment: Id say some variation. You dont have to stand still, just crowd the penalty areas and 6yard box. Have some movement.

Downside is those fat guys might become slim by half season then you have to hire new fat guys.
Comment: It's a stupid question that people discussed with their friends aged 6/7.
Comment: Maths
Comment: Aaah I've wondered about this forever. Wondered if perhaps there's a rule that would make it unsportsmanlike or something.

They could even just hoist another player above their heads. And the goaly would be the 'outfield player' menacing those trying to take a shot. Would be awesome to watch.

Imagine the new paths the commentary would have to go down. "You join us here at Bramall Lane, porky has taken a serious gut buster, but Jonesy has moved into 2nd prop left-side."

I'd love to even just see a game of 10 die hard fans doing the extreme park the bus formation against pros. Crowdsurfing a skinny fella as the top plug.
Comment: Dont steal Mourhinos tactics.
Comment: One of the 7 foot monsters would have to be very fast. The opposition could deliberately give away a corner so someone would have to peel themselves out of the wall, take the corner and absolutely peg it back to their goal to plug the gap

Comment: It's called branding my friend. 

I'm Brazilian, and my dad during the last world cup wasn't worried at all about Belgium, saying that they didn't have "camisa", or shirt, which is a way of saying they had no tradition in world cups. Me, knowing their players very well, from Hazard to Mertens, was actually quite concerned. They them nailed Brazil, and guess what, Brazil had a either a bad day or they were just terrible this time. Nobody recognized Belgium's feat, except those who knew something about European football.
Comment: It’s funny too because Chelsea dominated possession. Sheffield played the counter attack perfectly and caught them off guard!
Comment: This is nothing new for us Blades fans, we’re used to it, even before this season

In fact it’s a common in-joke for us Blades to comment how we’ve been “playing teams on their off-day since 2016”

I think it’s easy for teams to concentrate on how they’ve played as playing ‘bad’ against us, and not realising our formation/tactics/work-rate has stopped them playing decent football
Comment: A bad day in my opinion would be when the other team had way more chances, way more shots on goal, yet somehow had poor finishing and lost. Chelsea got owned today. Sheffield did everything right. This is coming from me, a Chelsea fan
Comment: I’m a chelsea fan I completely agree with this. Going into this game I knew we weren’t gonna score a lot because of their game plan. Sheffield has the third best defensive record in the league only under Liverpool and Leicester. And with Chelsea’s struggling defense this year I’m not surprised with the result.
Comment: We've been use to it for years.

It's a combination of having unfashionable players without a reputation, but are all very good footballers who just needed the right system manager.

Mcgoldrick has always been fucking mint, just unlucky with injuries and is not a goal scoring striker. Fleck should not have been that low down the football pyramid when we go him, just very unlucky with his career choices. Egan/Jack O'C, underrated by their own club fans but were playing in a system which didn't suit their strengths.  Sharp, giving up a higher payday in his twilight years to drop down to league one, now's he's captaining his boyhood club in the Prem.

Most of all though Chris Basham, embodies every single thing we're about, still underrated by everyone but us. He's skinned so many players this year and has the best workrate in the Prem.

I love this club so much (I'm slightly still drunk)
Comment: You are right to be upset about this, but its due to expectations, I guess they expected chelsea to easily win, which was a wrong assumption from the beggining, shouldve antecipated a possible defeat since Sheffield showed such a good football all season along. All in All its just bad punditry, false specialists. Congratulations on the win, I appreciated it very much being a MUFC fan :D
Comment: That's always how announcers talk about the top teams. Always gotta suck up to them
Comment: Same with Burnley.
Comment: That is exactly the point. When my team does beat Sheffield, I view it on par with beating any of the other so called top 6 + Leicester or Wolves. 

These pundits annoy me a lot.  They do the same thing with teams like Burnley or Southampton. They play well and these guys dont see it. For every Bruno, I sure as hell see a McGoldrick or a Burnley team effort.

If United does lose to Southampton on Monday, it is because Ralph Hassenhutl did a good number on us. They cant get away with a dumb excuse like " Oh we never played that good". We dont accept itfor the so called mid table teams, then that does not apply for the top 6 either
Comment: I have to agree with you I'm a spurs fan, but must insist blades have been exciting to watch this season their tactics and the way they play with the attacking defenders and rotating positions, good finish this season they can add to their squad and cement themselves in the premier league top 10, I can see a lot of teams trying to emulate what they have achieved this season!

Hats off to them!
Comment: I've been thinking about this too. It seems there's a bias towards Top 6 teams. It seems the only ones that are changing are Top 6 teams. The other 14 teams are stagnant; never improving, never declining, the same "extras" that are there just for the sake of PL's team quota.

The narrative that circulated amongst the mainstream media when Leicester won the league was:

>Top 6 are often beaten by the other 14 teams (including Leicester) because they are in the middle of rebuilding process (or temporarily declining).

I couldn't find any single article that talked about the improvement of the other 14 teams. All was about the decline of Top 6.

This season is not really different. The narratives are:

>Top 6 bar Liverpool and City are often beaten by the other 14 teams (including Sheffield Utd) because they are in the middle of rebuilding process.

and

>City often lose point against lower ranked teams because they lack a good defender with a good leadership ability.

SkySports, BBC, BT, the Athletic, the Guardian, literally all mainstream media say the same narrative. Opta, a popular stats provider, almost always posting stats about Top 6 on their Twitter page. I understand why they all do that. Discussion about Top 6 almost certainly generate more engagement, more clicks, which in turn will increase their popularity and income. Besides, most pundits on SkySports, BBC, and BT are former Top 6 players, so it's just natural for them to discuss their former clubs longer and deeper.
Comment: I feel you buddy. It took leicester winning the premiership to get even an ounch of respect from pundits. in a pundits mind leicester still are lower ranked than the big six. they had written us off against Arsenal before the ball had been kicked. some of that was down to our form and Arsenals but to the most part it was due to big 6 bias.
Comment: The expectation levels for the two clubs are much different, that's all it is. If Sheffield United keep winning and narrow that expectation gap, then the narrative will change. Gotta sustain it first.
Comment: It’s all about perception. Most people still think Sheffield United are Stoke reincarnated and are just there to kick the other team and play direct.

Regardless of your opinion on their style of play, they’ve been the biggest surprise of the season and the fact that they’ve done what they have is down to their ability to impose a gameplan on theoretically better teams and should be applauded hugely
Comment: As an Arsenal fan I get annoyed by the portrayals of teams as well. If Arsenal go to a ground and grind out a win or a draw nothing ever gets mentioned and then next game our “defensive” vulnerabilities are being highlighted despite the fact that under Arteta we are so much more solid then before. We’ve only concede more goals from open play this year then Wolves Man City  and Liverpool. Most of them come from Corners. Yet our defence has a “soft spot” honestly there’s still people who back Spurs for today’s game because they look more “solid” then we do. Spurs who couldn’t manage a shot on target against an almost relegated Bournemouth
Comment: If the perceived favourites get played off the park it always gets described as a ‘bad day at the office’ or something similar. In reality the underdog often plays to their own strengths while exploiting a weakness in the opposition. It may not be as glamorous as those trying to sell the game (tv & media) want it to be but that’s the real beauty of the game. There’s so many different ways to play, and the way Sheffield Utd do it is brilliant for them
Comment: I agree. The other teams aren’t having a bad day, Sheffield Utd make them unable to create much and score.
Comment: It's not just Sheffield United. Its any team that beats a team in the top 6
Comment: This is nothing new for any team not in the top 4 or 6. Watford fan here, we outplayed Liverpool, scoreline reflected that, bar Lallana's volley hitting the post, I can't recall Liverpool having a chance. But come the final analysis, Liverpool had a "bad day". Never seems to come the pundits mind, that maybe Watford made Liverpool having a bad day, by stopping them playing, maybe Sheffield United made Chelsea have a bad day, by beating them tactically and every player doing their job perfectly. It's lazy punditry at the end of the day

Edit: Spelling mistake

