Comment: [removed]
Comment: I think he will have a couple of monster seasons and head back to England
Comment: A 30 year old Harry Kane going to Bayern to win his first trophy is like losing your virginity to a prostitute
Comment: He's going to score a shit ton over there.

Will be interesting hearing him talk german eventually too.
Comment: At this price Tottenham had to sell him. They could not risk losing him on a free next year.
Comment: I believe he is just as good if not better than Lewa. Should be a monster signing for Bayern.
Comment: Dortmund will win the Bundesliga and Spurs gonna win the League Cup ☠️
Comment: God bless you Harry Kane. You're gonna get so sick of winning, you won't know what to do with yourself. (Actually, stay 5 years, win a ton, then head back to Spurs and get the EPL scoring record.)
Comment: Bitter sweet ending 😭😭😭
Comment: I'm humble enough to admit the Premier League is losing an asset if this deal finally happens. Yeah, I'm a rival fan but also an England supporter and sometimes you've just got to look at the player himself. At least Kane won't score his typical goal against us!
Comment: All that for Bayern fans to just say "I think Lewandowski is better"
Comment: Deafening silence from all the people who said Levy should've sold him 6 weeks ago for 65m.
Comment: I can’t help but feel like this is kind’ve a loss for the PL. I would’ve liked to see Harry Kane retire as THE spurs legend, and hear his name live on for decades. 

At the same time, as an arsenal fan, I’m always happy to see spurs struggle for another season, living off copium. Seeing spurs fans convinced that a month of Ange ball and madds was enough to get Kane to stay for a 5-9th place finish and no CL, in the name of his undying love for the club (which he tried to leave last year) was funny. 

That said, wish him all the best. He’ll have a historic season at Bayern.
Comment: Germany has never seen a dribbler of his kind before.
Comment: Levy isn’t spending a penny of that fee. That’s going straight in the profit column.
Comment: I’m a Man Utd fan and this even feels weird for me. No idea if you’re a Spur fans. Feels a waste him heading to Bundesliga with how shite their league is. But wish him the best.
Comment: Ah yes, I love this sub and it's weird hatred for Spurs, this thread is hilarious.
Comment: Can’t wait for Bayern to not win the league.
Comment: Happy for Kane and happy for us. Lets move on. Postecoglou gets a fresh slate. I wish Kane would have re-signed but now it's time to enjoy and make the best of our current players. COYS!
Comment: This is he chance to win everything he can for next few years even might pick up a CL its worth trading beating Alan Shearer record it means very little

Comment: May 2024: Man City win the league with a mighty 52 points, after themselves and every other team in the league face deductions for financial irregularity. They just pip Arsenal to the post after it is discovered that they paid an additional shilling under the table when they signed Cedric Chigwizzle from Royal Engineers in 1891.
Comment: It'd be funny if everyone in the league got got for something before City do
Comment: BREAKING! Arsenal fear relegation punishment after investigation reopened into 1919 league restart impropriety
Comment: They gonna have to imprison Harry Kane for this.
Comment: Only fair to deduct 40 points
Comment: I’m not with the people here who are saying “who cares too long ago” or whatever but if you seriously believe this and what everton did are even in the same stratosphere as chelsea and city then I don’t know what to say
Comment: They should strip all their titles since 2008.
Comment: 2008!? Get the fuck out of here
Comment: It looks like City are finally going to be the only club left to be investigated… *unimportant minor allegation from 15 years ago resurfaces*
Comment: As an Arsenal fan, I'm sure Spurs fans would love to bring up the 1919 election that promoted us to the first division lol. Fair enough.
Comment: At this point they're having a laugh, right? You've got City and Chelsea who have systematically broke almost every single rule in the book and yet they're going after Everton and Spurs? Really?
Comment: I imagine we're seeing a spate of this because the PL wants to demonstrate that they're willing to be tough and can regulate themselves in the hope the govt decides not to set up an independent regulator (which is desperately needed imo). 

Ignoring the fact that City and Chelsea's allegations are stratospherically worse than Spurs dealing with an unlicensed agent *15 years ago*, I imagine the PL is thinking this is just lower hanging fruit, in that City and Chelsea's allegations will take longer to prove (and they don't want to risk pissing off their owners too much).
Comment: Everyone’s got skeletons in their closet. Then there’s Man city with a whole crypt full
Comment: Mark my word, every club will have transfer breaches!!! 

What are you gonna do renegade all of them The EPL is been held to a high standard where other leagues league not so much, I know La Liga has changed recently but Real Madrid and other were basically state funded! Do you think PSG & Munich haven't fiddled the numbers they're all at it? 

The more I think about it could this be the new tactic to get the super league they so desperately want?
Comment: When Luton did the same thing in the same season they got a 10 point deduction
Comment: Gonna have to put an asterix next to that Audi cup
Comment: I feel like the only thing the PL is demonstrating with these cases _is_ the need for an independent authority to enforce the rules rather than the opposite. Shit has been out of control for decades and the PL has shown zero interest in doing anything about it until they were threatened.
Comment: Odds Saudi Intelligence slipped the FA some info?
Comment: What for Under Spending ?
Comment: I'm a LFC fan and still disappointed about that Spurs game, not the red cards but the fact we scored, that said that doesn't change how I feel about being stood with Spurs and Everton shoulder to shoulder on this issue. It seems everybody will be points deducted and fined before City at this point. City is the big one and they and everyone else knows it so they're just dulling out other clubs now so they don't look as bad when the time comes.

Comment: Can't deny that Jose spoke facts here
Comment: call me crazy, but his body language screams "im not interested, im just sitting here pretending to listen"
Comment: Dele thought he was hot stuff and un-droppable, and now he's looking at Turkey to get playing time.....
Comment: "he makes waves with his hand"
Comment: Shortly after this was filmed Dele decided he was to going to make a change. Enough was enough and something had to be done. 

So he grew out some dreads and coloured a few of them.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: "I'm 56 and yesterday I was 20." I felt that. Time does fly but when you're in your 20's you think you'll be that age forever. The older you get the quicker it seems to pass.
Comment: Even SAF baffled why Dele wasn't going to be a top player.
Comment: What a great speech of Jose. He would got me at the point where he says you will regret! 100% true. Dele will regret when he is 56
Comment: One of my absolute favs. 
The goal against palace. 
The double in the battle of the bridge against contes Chelsea. 
The goal in the WC against Sweden 
Even the bicycle kick in the Europa league which I think was the goal of the season in 2020/2021 ? 

The iconic celebration. 
The D in DESK fab 4 of spurs when spurs were arguably the best team (granted no trophies) in the league. 

I miss you Dele. Get rid of your brother inside you  and come back to your actual level 😭😭😭
Comment: I never forgot the way Dele Alli was just slouching. The guy telling him this info has coached some of the best and has won 2 Champion's Leagues and helped build one of the best Real Madrid sides in history.
Comment: Before this, Dele was such a wonderful player. Even in 2019-2020 second half when Jose just took over, he performed very well too. But he disappeared all of a sudden at 2020-2021.

It may seem Jose's approach backfired. Dele's form drop a lot since this, and has not recovered his form.

Granted, all other coaches (except Jose) said Dele is hard working. Other evidences like distance covered in match / fitness / etc, may also indicate that Dele is still hard working too. But even the hard working doesn't pay off and he seems to lose his spark and confidence now. Not sure it is due to positional switch/injury/confidence/etc. What a pity for Spurs and England team.
Comment: I genuinly think a lot of talent are wiped away by too much money too early in their lives.
Comment: Dele looks like he’s checked out from the first second. Terribly sad that it’s played out the way Mourinho predicted. 

If a manager of this calibre sits you down and says ‘I’m worried about your future’, he’s not doing that because he thinks you’re shit and wants you to leave. If he was doing that you’d get a call from the director of football telling you to clear out your locker. 

Same applies to Luke Shaw. He played a few good games, got back in the England side and accused Mourinho of bullying him. He’s not so vocal now he can’t play a game without getting a yellow card and he’s part of a side that United fans will remember for all the wrong reasons. Mourinho arrived at Utd a winner and left the same way.
Comment: Got the money, lost the hunger. Decent player when he wanted to be, lacked consistent performances
Comment: So crazy he peaked at such a young age and can hardly get playing time in a team that was in a relegation battle.

I know he had some hamstring issues but I don’t think they were career altering for him, especially given his playing style. It’s just weird his career got completely derailed given he seems to have his shit more or less together.
Comment: Mourinho is the fucking Top G
Comment: José Mourinho give him a big chance with this conversation open eyes style but this player dont take that chance. Great José...Great
Comment: Mourinho's tactics are long gone in modern football, but good god his man management is still top notch. The guy knows what to say and who to say it to.
Comment: What a chat

Comment: Don't you just love seeing fans back?
Comment: London is red. For brentford
Comment: Arsenal fan here. it's hilarious. It's all banter back and forth. These are the same fans that gave Saka a standing ovation when he was subbed on. Great to see it all. Fans back is awesome from every side except the racist one.
Comment: Just give them the prem now it’s over
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: What are they gonna day when they play Spurs?
Comment: Alright Brentford, you're a propper Premier League club now.
Comment: My balls are so blue right now.
Comment: Who would've thought that little competition they have with each other is going to be for 9th and 10th?
Comment: Brentford have already became a fan favourite
Comment: My ex is an arsenal fan and after a shitty relationship of emotional abuse and finally getting out and recovering, this is just what I needed. Thank fuck football is back
Comment: WE’RE BY FAR THE GREATEST TEAM THAT THE MID TABLE HAS EVER SEEN
Comment: It’ll be a rough season for Gunners everywhere.
Comment: Lol I've come to the conclusion that Arsenal fans are masochists, they get a kick out of pain. To each his own!
Comment: Premier league it’s the best #1
Comment: Loved their “we’re top of the league” chant aswell
Comment: Am I the only one that can’t actually hear them chanting that?
Comment: im falling in love already
Comment: As a Spurs fan, this is absolutely glorious! I love you Brentford, so happy to see you guys in the Prem!
Comment: Oh how I've missed the crowds!!

Comment: Also stop starting son in the middle.  That is not his strength.  Play him out wide and let him free.
Comment: Kane was so good in his own box. The amount he got away was ridiculous.
Comment: Neutrals, Spurs fans and pundits acting like it’s an issue Spurs aren’t ‘above’ where they should be given a new gaffa and losing Kane.
Comment: Yes.

We're poor defending and our starters are poor in the air. Not sure the 2nd part can be fixed or taught. We really miss Kane here and Sonny in the middle doesn't help.
Comment: Yeah lol, somethings gotta change there. Jedinak is clearly not doing a good job. We gotta hire an elite set piece coach and let jedinak learn from him tbh
Comment: Have to bring this up again. TWO goals conceded by Spurs from corners today. TWO.

More generally, they've just been awful in defending set-pieces this season.
Comment: And the premier league need to sort out the referees and VAR. I know we benefited from it against Liverpool but come on we’ve had more poor decisions than good
Comment: Media must be loving this new narrative. They can go on for weeks!!
Comment: I agree with you on this. Spurs should have defended better in that game.
Comment: Please don't. It's hilarious.
Comment: As exciting Spurs are to watch this season...they'r still unlikely to finish top 4 and again I'm not convinced with the defence...they look panicky on corners (when it should be a routine headed clearance or commanding confident keeper catch)
Comment: Nah he shouldn't "mate ball" is perfect for entertainment
Comment: Cheers Geoff
Comment: Sounds like Spurs will vote against VAR in the summer. Seven teams do that and it’s gone.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: We need a set-piece coach next season for goodness sake.....
Comment: Conte or Mourinho could fix that
Comment: The Spurs are just fine. Set pieces defending can be fixed with more training and focus. It doesn’t come overnight. Arsenal are the best set pieces offense team in the League. No surprise they scored two goals against the Spurs. Many teams got caught too. Arsenal are tough to play against because they have multiple tools to hurt you. There is no one specific way to focus on to defend against them. Postecoglou is a new manager in a new team. He is trying to build his team and learning about his players strengths. He will get there. What they showed against Arsenal was promising. Even at 0-3 down they fought to the death.
Comment: Spurs deserved to win today, except for the fact they gave away two soft goals from corners.
Comment: Keeper got pushed mate. Ref needs to improve.

Comment: Why is everyone so concerned with us and what we’re doing ? It’s very weird.
Comment: Even though This is clearly a shitpost created too early in the match but I’ll take it at its title and give an honest response. 

The goal this season is for the team to develop and show its potential. Was the hope to win a trophy in one of the league tourneys? Yeah. But also no one really expected it. What the true want is is for the team to come together, create a unit of players that want to be there, and a system that entices both early career potential stars and those reaching their zenith to come play their part. 

Ange will make the changes he needs to. But he already has more points in his first season than Pep or Klopp in an equal number of games. If we get to the big games and the system fails again and again and again, sure then it’s time for a look in the mirror. But right now, nah. Things are fine. Anyways. We’re just copying Pep mate
Comment: I'm sorry this is so hard for you.
Comment: They started rebuilding 5 months ago
Comment: No I think their end goal is to lose and run their team into the ground /s. It’s to win football games wtf else would their goal be 😂😂😂
Comment: What a terrible post
Comment: It’s the middle of the first year of a rebuild. We’ve been riddled with injuries. We’ve been missing key players to suspensions and international duty. Yet we’re still hanging around the top. Things are looking up. Rome wasn’t built in a day, as they say.
Comment: I too, am a big fan of the Tottingham Hotspurs
Comment: This aged well
Comment: Cry harder
Comment: w ragebait
Comment: I wonder if this would've come up had spurs been 1 up now
Comment: Our goal is to make you look like the idiot you are
Comment: I think it depends on how adaptable Ange ends up being. Both Klopp and Pep arrived in England with principles and ideas which have also changed during their time here. 

Ultimately though Ange has had 6 months in the job while dealing with losing Harry Kane. What they’ve done so far is excellent but it will need to be developed further both tactically and with better personnel to truly compete at the top.
Comment: Hotspurs?
Comment: Vibes mate.
Comment: Tell me you’re American without telling me you’re American
Comment: Everyone concedes goals ya dunce
Comment: > according to underlying statistics

Please stop relying on statistics, it's a nonsense.
Comment: I'm in the thought that they've built strong foundations and at some point it will be right place, right time, right manager, right transfers and they will get success. But for now they are in the mix whilst other teams might be about to fall because of ffp rules and managers leaving etc. I'm a United fan and Tot have a lot going for them right now.

Comment: Ironically White Hart Lane was an early example of company sponsorship as the White Hart Pub paid them to call it that back in the day (stadium wasn’t actually on White Hart Lane itself)

So bizarrely we’ve gone from having a sponsored stadium to a non-sponsored one. 

Make of that what you will.
Comment: We’ll end up getting an American sponsor, that’s clearly market he’s going for, is the sensible market, and where a lot of money is. 

Also, in this time, the Tottenham brand is being pushed around thanks to the stadium name having the club name in it. It’s hardly a bad thing. Also waiting a short period to get the right deal Vs taking a deal because social media says to (lol) is the right course.

But of course, something something Daniel Levy doesn’t spend money/likes money something something.
Comment: Hey OP, Old Trafford WAS originally called United Football Ground until 1936 when it was renamed Old Trafford.
Comment: Money and branding. Levy likely hasn't received an offer he feels is worth it*, and while we wait for that to come through our club name gets mentioned every time there's a new concert scheduled there. 

*it's hard to say what the actual value is since we keep adding more amenities like the go-karts, so I assume he's waiting for the dust to settle on that so there can be a clear valuation
Comment: It's better currently compared with some corporate/sport washing name.
Comment: Well as it's Spurs, my assumption would be that Levy is being tight about sponsorship rights. I imagine nobody is willing to pay whatever he's asking.
Comment: We’re looking for it, okay? It’s a huge fucking place and everytime there’s an event it’s a mess and we end up having to start over
Comment: Because Levy probably wants £40 million a year for it.
Comment: It does. Its called The Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Silly gooses
Comment: It does, the toilet bowl
Comment: Probably keeping the name to promote Spurs to the Americans with the NFL events they have there.
Comment: When the McDonald's sponsor comes through and they call it the Hey McArena
Comment: I hear Chick King put in a bid
Comment: it’s still better than a sponsored name
Comment: It’s on pretty much the same site isn’t it? Yeah, im still calling it White Heart Lane.
Comment: Fighting cocks arena
Comment: It’ll forever be Shite Hart Lane
Comment: Sponsorship agreement costs, probably.

And London Stadium is already taken. North London Stadium would probably be a conflict.
Comment: "Three points Lane "
Comment: Levy wants possibly 100M a year. Can’t blame him, it’s in london.

Comment: So far they have showed that they are certainly capable. If they don't have any major injuries and Kane-Son duo keep up their goal scoring form, it's certainly possible. 
As an Arsenal fan, I hope it doesnt happen though :p
Comment: Gotta see how their game with Liverpool plays out first.
Comment: Yes, they are capable, but they are just as capable, even more so of losing it as well.
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Really feel sick saying this but this might be the season Spurs win a trophy
Comment: 5 matches in: Are Everton capable of winning the league?
  
11 matches in: Are Spurs capable of winning the league?

*smh*
Comment: Always knew since Leicester won the Prem that any other team can **literally** win the title. Not so much Eddie Howe’s team per say but...

It’s all a matter of molding a team that matches excitement, exuberance and just a work ethic that of Leicester’s. They had a few very exceptional players the squad that won, but the whole team has been considered as a template for many other teams to have a shot.

Tottenham’s project right now has probably been the most inform in decades, and tactics may have been the savior and all, but there’s a reason Kane and Son are handing petrol left and right, with Ndombele and Hoj looking like marshalls for the team. The only way though they collapse is through Jose and his estranged ego and decisions at times.
Comment: 1 or 2 extra squad players in January and I’d say yes... I still Liverpool will take it but this is as good a chance as any to get the title.. and in doing so cementing Jose as one of the greatest managers in history (don’t get me wrong he’s already up there)
Comment: Coming from a southampton fan, Liverpool are still a class above Spurs. Spurs will start to drop points once teams react to their new style
Comment: Yes, but it is going to be a wild ride to the title.  Currently, there are 5 teams within the 20-24 points range with City, United, and Aston Villa all with games in hand that could fall within that range, so it is possible that there are 7 teams within 4 points of the top of the table after 11 games.  Injuries are going to play a huge part over the next few months.  As will European and cup games piling up on the schedule.  The team that wins the title has to stay healthy and consistent.  So far, Tottenham and Liverpool have done well on that front and sit at the top by a razor thin margin.    
Tottenham has the goal scorers in Son and Kane to win games.  Liverpool is pretty balanced, but no VVD makes them vulnerable against the better offensive teams.  Chelsea is still working to integrate all of their high profile signings from this summer.  Leicester is playing well, but I'm not convinced they will be top 4 by the end of the season.  City needs a new striker to replace Aguero, which Jesus has not shown capable of doing.  United needs to score a few goals at home, which might happen after fans return to the Stretford End, but with Bruno I still like our chances to be in the fight at the end.
Comment: Yes.
Comment: I think any of the current top 7 in the table, except SOU, can win it. It’s too strange a year to say otherwise imo.
Comment: I'll wait for Dec 17
Comment: They are contenders for the title at the moment. The problem with Spurs is like clockwork they have a second half of the season collaspe. They get to about Feb and the wheels come off and by March it is a full on collaspe. It is difficult to see anything but the same happening this title run.
Comment: Unless they are plagued by injuries I don’t see a reason why they shouldn’t be title contenders
Comment: I fear Liverpool are far too good to let it slip. It's not as if Spurs have taken a lead of a few points. As a United fan I'd rather Spurs won it than Liverpool but I can't see it happening.
Comment: Are they capable of doing it? 
Yes.

Will they actually do it? 
Probably not. I think it’ll be between Liverpool and City again.
Comment: Yes
Comment: it's about sustaining the challenge, Spurs need to go on running all the way, the games against Liverpool have yet to come, if we're talking about a serious title challenge, consistency is important, and we've seen it already, Spurs can't stop winning and by large margins, given the inconsistency of the man united and city, and injuries for liverpool, they have a real chance of winning
Comment: I have a Hard time seeing it happen. They are playing really well atm, but teams Will adapt to thier new style of play, and kane and son Will inevetably perform less than They do as of now. Without equal output They have quite The toothless attack. An injury to either kane or son Will spell the end for their title chances.

Im a Chelsea fan though, so im extremely biased, and would rahter se every other team win The League over tottenham.

Comment: Sucks the people going to game have to watch the Falcons vs. Jets
Comment: Fuck you "Un-Footballs your stadium"
Comment: Why is this post flaired 'Arsenal'?
Comment: So when will it be transformed into a trophy winning stadium for Tottenham?
Comment: I hate it but that’s impressive
Comment: Q1. Why is NFL being played in England?

Q2. Do people actually come to the stadium to watche NFL matches in England?
Comment: I personally hated the idea of the Lane being used for anything other than football but I’ve changed my mind now. It’s very cool seeing AJ and the Falcons competing under the cockerel
Comment: 🎶TRANSFORMERS, ROBOTS IN DISGUISE🎶
Comment: How long does the transformation take?
Comment: Spurs have the best stadium in the league
Comment: Lol, who tagged this as Arsenal.

Also, pretty damn impressive.
Comment: As an American I would like to formally apologize to my England Friends, please get your eye bleach ready.
Comment: Cool transformation. Too bad its just to watch the Jets and Falcons lmao
Comment: All this just to watch the Falcons and the Jets
Comment: The Arsenal Flair was definitely an error. Sorry.
Comment: A football game is literally not worth this much hassle
Comment: As a falcons fan saying this. This matchup would be the equivalent of Norwich vs Burnley coming to the states for a Premier League game to showcase the league. Cool to see the transformation though!
Comment: Live example of Football/soccer same thing lol. Impressive though.
Comment: Why make 2 stadiums when 1 stadium do the job.
Comment: If only the NFL was willing to send good teams to London

Comment: wow. amazing. nice tackle by davinson too btw
Comment: Looked so sharp yesterday, really didn’t expect it.
Comment: Can be easy to forget just how good he can be when 90% of articles around him are not even about what happens on the pitch.
Comment: He haven’t played for 6months, im sure he wanted to redeem himself, and show that he’s still THAT good
Comment: THIS is what I wanted to see again after watching the full 95. What a star performance and impact he made for 35 minutes. Pogs is back (I hope)
Comment: People keep saying he needs earn his place in the team, but after last night's performance it'd be criminal not to let him start next match.
Comment: Wow that was pure filth.
Comment: Sick pass. This sub needs more highlight clips like this.
Comment: He changed the game last night when he came on. All of a sudden the tempo increased and he was always looking to get involved. I got the feeling he was trying to prove a point to Jose and the rest of the world last night. 

I still believe that when Pogba is on it, he’s one of the best central midfielders in the game. At his absolute peak, he’s close to KDB in terms of quality imo. The difference is that KDB is almost always on it and consistently plays to a ridiculously high standard. Pogba just struggles to be consistent and the circus Raiola creates doesn’t help him at all.
Comment: What a glorious drop kick.
Comment: Pogba was a GAME CHANGER
Comment: M A I4.EO
Comment: lit
Comment: Sensational pass 😩
Comment: What a fuckin ball
Comment: This proves that Pogba has quality ffs everyone gets influenced by the media interpretation that Pogba is goddam lazy and he isn’t determined but Manchester United needs him in the team. Kevin de Bruyne is a world class player but Pogba can rival him if not better him as he can do everything de bruyne does but better and he is taller,stronger,faster and not agile. I ain’t saying this cuz of one pass but you need to understand that Pogba is quality and ignoring him and saying he lacks determination only means ur missing out on the talent Manchester I united have.
Comment: Wow, the ball slowly draws a fantastic curve. Rashford 1st touch is not good, sadly.
Comment: *pogba makes a pass* United fans: "light the beacons!"
Comment: Almost as good as Capoue yesterday 🤷🏻‍♂️
Comment: That really was something else. His introduction changed the whole flow of the game.

Comment: Feel for the poor bugger at the Telegraph having to repost articles on reddit on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. At least I have the option to sit on my arse and eat crips.
Comment: How do you say his name
Comment: An Aussie managing a top 6 prem side. Even as a Liverpool fan tears in my eyes
Comment: Well that’s a new manager I am going to have to thoroughly dislike now unfortunately.
Comment: [removed]
Comment: As a Celtic and Arsenal fan this is a tough one to take
Comment: Why are they not looking at Thomas Franke?
Comment: Downgrade for Ange IMO
Comment: Aug-Dec will be a serious little earner for him until spurs go for the next shiniest thing.
Comment: Question: Will he bring all the Japanese players with him to Tottenham?
Comment: Shame he’s going to that club up the road. As an Aussie this is tough to swallow
Comment: I don’t get it. I swear he was saying how much he loved Celtic a day ago? I understand the Scottish Premiership isn’t the greatest league, but Celtic is a phenomenal club with many great players. Ange has been phenomenal at Celtic, he will ruin it all at Spurs. Daniel Levy doesn’t want the success Ange wants to bring.
Comment: Celtic fan here who lurks I love ange so much and I am so sad he is probably gonna leave but Tottenham  ow have a decent manager
Comment: RemindMe! 6 Months
Comment: Please spurs do it
Comment:  Seriously Big Sam is free
Comment: As an aussie i love this guy and think he really gets his teams playing nice football.
Comment: I mean, he’s a different manager who can do something new to this club. And when you realise the best two manager Tottenham have had as Harry Redknapp and Mauricio Pochettino, maybe some different styles is what they need.
Comment: Ange won't last the year, he'll be sacked by December.
Comment: Good manager but Spurs are a shambles of a club atm

Comment: Gutted he accepted the job, it was my turn to be interviewed for it next 😔
Comment: Now Spurs getting half of Portugal national team
Comment: Its difficult to know how this will pan out, Nuno definitely has some major limitations which most Wolves fans were happy to overlook because of how much he did for us, promotion, Europa League etc. he got a free pass when the football was poor because of his credit in the bank and because he knows how to grind out points and get wins against top clubs. 

Starting fresh in a club with pretty high expectations will be a challenge and in my view i don't think he aligns with what Spurs fans want to see, he is pretty dogmatic, has his style and plan and tends to stick to it whether it works or not, he isn't neccessarily going produce 'exciting' football, but he will grind out points.

It'll be interesting to see what this means for the transfer policy at Spurs too, it seems that much of the Mendes influence at Wolves was because of Nuno rather than FOSUN.
Comment: Fear the Beard.
Comment: Levy mentions his “attacking and exciting football DNA” as if none of us have watched a Wolverhampton game before.
Comment: A fairly spectacular downgrade on Mourinho.
Comment: Poor guy
Comment: This is just Mourinho with a beard and less experience ffs.
Comment: No trophies incoming
Comment: Doherty top points in FPL here we go!
Comment: Very interesting. Palace had a go, Everton had a look, but neither were willing to bite the bullet so it does feel as though this is a slightly risky move from Spurs. Doesn't feel like they've got the best man for the job, just the best they were left with.
Comment: Good for him man, he is a hell of a person
Comment: I spat my drink out reading this.
Comment: Nuno Espírito Santo is my manager of choice for my Christmas/Christian themed team. Some of the players are Son (obviously), Gabriel Jesus, Saint Maximin, and of course the goalie would be Nick Pope
Comment: Everybody's taking Portuguese lesson from Dier now
Comment: Spurs fan, not too overjoyed with this nothing personal with Nuno but considering how long it took to get a manager in I don't think Levy with have the confidence to invest in his plans gutted we couldn't get Poch back or make a move for Bielsa
Comment: Attacking and exciting football DNA. Lol. Wolves scored 36 goals in 38 games last season iirc. What a massive downgrade Mourinho.
Comment: Tottenham to be the new Portugal!
Comment: Good luck Tots....happily staying mid-table i see with this appointment imo.
Comment: Confederations league incoming :)

Comment: Wow! This could very much backfire for Spurs.
Comment: Sons crying, thanks
Comment: Last I read, Poch was going in to talk to Levy about the potential for more transfers. Wow that meeting must have gone poorly.
Comment: Mourinho boarding his flight to London as we speak
Comment: This is why there’ll never be another Sir Alex. A manager turns a mid table club into champions league finalists, manager has a few bad games (only 3 points off 5th) and gets fired, owners aren’t willing to give managers to get through rough patches anymore, such is the fickle nature of the modern game. The only exception being Klopp at Liverpool and look how he’s doing now he’s been given time and money!
Comment: Wenger IN!
Comment: Weird timing.
Comment: He will be at Real Madrid start of next season.
Comment: this dude had a great year last year right? CL finals and all that
Comment: For anyone concerned, Sessegnon will be fine, he's used to having his manager sacked.
Comment: I've been a bit out of the loop with spurs performances this season but am I correct in saying they went about this the same way Leicester sacking Ranieri was a stupid move? Spurs had their biggest success as CL finalists and they sacked him after the amount of the development the club has had under him.

Please tell me I'm wrong and that he should have been sacked because I'm super confused and don't want another PL club to be needlessly sacking managers at their highest points. Even as a United fan I liked the football Tottenham were playing so it's a shame.
Comment: Get some good months off, spend time with family, visit friends, then ready to rebuild United by June. All coming together lads
Comment: Respect to Pochettino he did a great job transforming Spurs. A shame it ended like this for him

He was not backed the way he should have been for the loyalty and job he did, 2 years ago they were really building a strong team with a clear ethos and plan. You can't stand still in the premier league and this is where the downfall started 

However he also did not help himself this year with the constant changing of the 11 and the awful away form, I do think Poch had enough and was waiting to be relieved.
Comment: Sacked? I could understand him leaving but sacked? 
Couple of signings this year and one loan that could be really called one's for the future, one of which has spent most of the season injured. No signings whatsoever the year before when he managed to finish 3rd and get to the champions league final.
Massive unrest at the club over personal issues
Trippier leaving for pennies due to contract running down, Vertonghen, Alderweireld and Eriksen all with 6 months left on contracts and able to negotiate with other clubs in Jan for free.
Rose just came out this week and said he will play the last 18 months and leave for free.
The issues I can see at the club look to be caused by Levy who I assumed was savvy until now where it looks like they could lose 250+ Mill of players on a free.

He will have no shortage of offers around the world, Man United are probably discussing how to break it to Solskjaer right now lol.
Mourinho linked? Doubt he's gonna come without a promise of money, Where's it coming from if they lose a fortune in players, still have to pay for the stadium and have potentially no champions league money next season?

This is mind blowing to me, maybe there are some spurs fans that have a bit more insight but I'm not a spurs fan and it's hard to have anything but massive respect for what the man has done at the club with limited resources.
Comment: Spurs in March  "WTF why are we not any near the top of the ladder still" - oh yes thats right we sacked one of the best managers in the world. Mistakes were made. 

Im a Liverpool fan, sad times for Spurs fans and players. Good luck Poch, Madrid/Bayern/United will enjoy your talent.
Comment: Didn’t think they’d do it because:

A. I thought Levy would have been too tight to pay Poch’s contract fee.  
B. Thought they’d give him time - there aren’t many better options out their. 

Can see Ancelotti in til end of season.
Comment: Whaaaaaaattttttt
Comment: I thought he'd finish out the season.  Guess that meeting went poorly. O\_O
Comment: Behave Tottenham
Comment: Jesus. Can we give managers more than 6 games of underperformance before firing them?!

Comment: I get the impression this is on the to-do list, but Ange wants to sort other things this first year. 

We still haven’t replaced our set-piece coach. I think Mile Jedinak or Ryan Mason is on set-pieces which feels temporary.
Comment: I like how he has them in the top 6 and most people had Spurs outside of Europe by a ways at the start of the season, and he needs to fix them. He’s done a good job keeping them in European spots. I’d trade him for Poch in a heartbeat.
Comment: The two teams in the race for 4th are both pretty bad at defending set pieces. Villa definitely have a physicality issue as they have quite a small team, especially with mings out. Seems like for spurs, the opposition is targeting vicario every time


Oddly enough villa are one of the best teams at attacking set pieces in the league
Comment: Let’s not take anything away from Fabian Schars header, which was excellent. It’s a shame he’s not 5 years younger
Comment: A continuous problem for Spurs this season has been their set piece defending. This weekend, Spurs conceded another goal from a corner.
This article is fairly old, but it is still so relevant. I've checked the data again, and Spurs rank 3rd worst for chances conceded from dead ball situations - only behind Man United and Sheffield.
Comment: Do United next!
Comment: Was thinking the same when Spurs conceded from that corner.
Comment: They were shite at defending corners against us on Saturday
Comment: It’s been like this all season and no improvements week in week out
Comment: I suppose he's not their set-piece coach?
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Fix it in time for the arsenal game please, never seen a more vile fanbase (arsenal) they deserve nothing.
Comment: They need a proper leader.
Comment: NO ONE CAN FIX ANYTHING AT TOTTENHAM....

Comment: Harry Kane going to add another Audi cup
Comment: Seriously are they trolling Harry Kane trophy challenged career?
Comment: I think Harry could win the Audi Cup 
Comment: Someone's 0 has got to go
Comment: Kim vs Son
Comment: I kinda want to see Kane play Spurs in a friendly final to test who’s actually more trophyless. Kane probably won’t play in this one because of the Euros. Shame, much higher chance of touching a trophy here, given it’s his former club he should know better.
Comment: Kane or Spurs. Who will bottle the Audi cup lol
Comment: We’re gonna have to build another cabinet to fit this trophy
Comment: Kane won't be playing because.    


IT'S COMING HOME!
Comment: What happens when Spursy Kane meets Spursy Spurs…. Only one way to find out!
Comment: Good job there aren't any cup replays for the tired players. Playing a replay against a team in England must be quite tiring after playing a friendly against Newcastle in Australia just before the Euros, then milking the cow over in Korea.

I feel for them.
Comment: Couldn't possibly do pre-season matches in the UK and instead need to increase carbon footprint and physical toll on the players.
Comment: Shiit. Not even an Audi Cup for Totenham this year then...
Comment: So only one of Tottenham or Kane will win the Audi Cup? That is brutal!
Comment: oh oh, this is Tottenhams Arena
Comment: Aye,but there's too many games and too much congestion so we've got to get rid of replays without consulting anyone but the sky six.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: Spurs vs Kane: when a stoppable force meets a moveable object
Comment: Bayern are gonna win it and gift the trophy to Spurs. Trophy will be presented at 3 point lane at the start of the season
Comment: [deleted]

Comment: “Wolves Wanderers”……..clueless😂😂😂
Comment: Man this is cringe
Comment: Never heard of Wolves Wanderers before. How long have they been in the prem?
Comment: The Hot Spurs of Tottingham
Comment: 3-0 Wolves
Comment: wtf is this?
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Spurs should win but for some reason wolves are a bogey team at home. Nevertheless spurs win
Comment: That's a good one for me - 7.30pm here. I wish they had morning games (local time).
Comment: 2-1 Wolves. And it is *Wolverhampton Wanderers*.
Comment: probably 1-0 for spurs. i predict kane to score in the 64th minute and perisic making an assist
Comment: Spurs win 3 - 1
Comment: 14-6
Comment: Video edit team are going to be fuming that MGW has gone to Forest by the time this vid comes out
Comment: 2-1 Spurs
Comment: 10 - 0 to Wolves
Comment: 24 - 0 Wolves
Comment: 1-0
Comment: I think it might finish 1-0 spurs I just have a feeling
Comment: Gibs white there

Comment: Werner first assist. Well done!
Comment: United clearly trying to gift wrap the win for Spurs who would have none of it. Really sloppy midfield play from both sides.
Comment: no strings attached!
Comment: I still can't understand why Man U chose Onana and not Emi Martinez. I think Dibu would've brought the confidecen man u needs. A man with personality for difficult moments.
Comment: Genuinely if I have to listen to Gary Neville commentate a Man U. I’ve never heard a bigger City fan in my life. Every time United do anything he compares it to the City game. Surprisingly enough not every team has KDV on their bench. Am I the only one who hates his commentary?
Comment: 0 saves for Hot Spurs on only 2 attempts on goal from ManU… wow
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: It’s simply unwatchable with Peter Drury. I know Tyler was dull af in his latter years but my god this guy just screams anything under the sun, it’s exhausting.
Comment: This stupid manager tenhag. You have a slow weak confident 18 year old and you pair him up with Ericksen. No combative midfielders on the pitch. Manchester United is really frustrating. Even when we played well, It looks like the team is still playing Ole Gunnar’s counter attack football. Otherwise I don’t see any improvement from this fake manager

Comment: Really not understanding people that are saying "why, they have Son and Kane"..

Has anyone heard of squad depth? The reason Liverpool and City compete for every trophy is because they have a deep squad. They can rotate players and keep the same level of player on the field. 

Do people expect really Son and Kane to play every single game of the season and a WC?
Comment: At first I did think “why?” given that they already have Kane & Son, who are excellent players and regular starters. But then again, they have got Champions League football to factor in and Son/Kane might pick up injuries or even just need a rest. 

It’s going to be a demanding season again, especially with the World Cup in November/December. The drop in quality from not playing Son &/or Kane can’t be too much if Spurs want to stay competitive. 

£60M isn’t that much in terms of the transfer market nowadays, and they are getting a player who is already accustomed to the Premier League and is capable of scoring — he has had a few seasons with 10-13 goals in the league. Plus, 5 subs means he will get plenty of playing time.
Comment: Spurs making some great signings! Looking like a promising season for them! Well done
Comment: Great business going on at Tottenham, there’s a lot of negativity from fans of other clubs which is also great news as that is always a sure indication that we are doing good things….
Comment: Let's go!!!! For everyone saying that he's not needed, it's been pretty clear over the last 4-5 seasons that Spurs needed a backup striker.  With opportunities to rest Kane while competing in many competitions, he will be vital.  With the right assists from Son and Kulusevski, he will make a much bigger impact for Tottenham than he did for Everton
Comment: Teams who are challenging for top 4 must be worried now. Going to have to do something monumental to be above any of city, Liverpool, Chelsea, spurs
Comment: Goodbye Richie, we'll miss you **sobs**
Comment: Damn, what are all these salty Liverpool flairs in the comments?
Comment: Ball hog just like Bergwijn
Comment: Good pickup for Spurs.  Rich can really ball out there.
Comment: Chelsea supporters,

You're gonna love to hate him. 

Sincerely,

Liverpool supporters
Comment: Really solid signing. Gives them cover for all three forward spots and with CL & 5 subs next year he’ll be a good rotation option. Conte has berated the Spursy out of that club I think.
Comment: 60 million is mad for someone who celebrates like a chicken
Comment: Not my cup off tea I’m a West Ham supporter can’t stand team
Comment: If he doesn't make it as a forward he can always sub in as their mascot
Comment: Decent player, but £60mil? I feel Everton have done well to milk that much from the deal. Spurs love to spend way over the odds on middle of the road players. Shame Everton will probably piss all the transfer money on shite.
Comment: I think they're paying money for someone that will not start all the time.
Comment: Sky are saying £60mil 

I think he’s a decent player but £60mil for a player who plays in the positions you’d already say we’re Spurs strongest?
Comment: For the sweet old price of 1.5 Joelinton’s, are you having a laugh? £60m is embarrassing.
Comment: But....why?

Comment: Rashford has to be the absolute most selfish player i have ever seen. The man refuses to pass tje Ball No matter What. He would rather run directly into 3 opposition players than pass the Ball. Fucking incredible. Man utd would improve very much, without him
Comment: Wtf is Rashford doing
Comment: Rashy needs to learn how to fucking pass
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)

*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: That was such a wild lash at the ball. He's lucky it went in. He needs to work on his finishing technique. He'll miss way more than he scores hitting the ball like that.
Comment: Spurs must be shite
Comment: lol

Laugh my antlers off even

Comment: next couple of years will be fucking intense in the league, I'm already loving it
Comment: [removed]
Comment: 150m these days is just not the same, is it...
Comment: Was gonna happen, there would have been no way Conte would have signed up if he wasn’t going to be allowed to be competitive. 

They also already have a pretty good spine to the team in Lloris, Romero, Kane and Son. 

Perhaps a defender (seeing a lot about Bastoni) and another good midfielder and they’ll be a force to be reckoned with next season. 

I’m glad they got top 4 over Arsenal as I think with a half decent window they’ll be a lot more competitive in the UCL than Arsenal would have been.
Comment: Conte will get them a domestic cup next year.
Comment: Tottenham are on the rise. It will be nice to see them do well and finally lay down some sort of foundation.
Comment: Hey, remember that time Spurs got 100 million quid for Bale and pissed it away on a bunch of players who did fuck all?
Comment: How can I order a new F5 key? I don’t want to spring for a whole new keyboard but I need to be prepared.
Comment: Don't think they'll challenge next season but they'll certainly bridge the gap between themselves and City/Liverpool. 

Although wouldn't be surprised if he won it. Top manager.
Comment: Oh fuck
Comment: It has evolved from war chest to transfer chest
Comment: I think a lot of this capital will be used to finance the loan for the stadium
Comment: Which will now be absorbed by clubs that know they can get it out of them.
Comment: I don't predict spurs finishing top 2 next season

Comment: Feel like he’s starting to find his flow at the club.
Comment: 5 in the last 5.  Great to see him finally finding form and synergy with Johnson!
Comment: Pru Pru.
Comment: Best Brazilian striker right now is and it’s not even close!
Comment: went from 0 in 35 to 5 in 5, ridiculous improvement
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: Foderingham with the added time assist. Bless that man.
Comment: The SHU goal was from a long throw, not a corner. 

So many Spurs fans have suffered seeing goals
Like that doom the team to dropping points. Feels like there is a collective belief in the club now!
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Everyone loves a comeback story from the good guys
Comment: We Spursed up being Spursy. I don’t know how to process this.
Comment: Ref should have carded the Sheffield GK for time wasting early on.
Comment: I stopped watching to make lunch at around 84’…what the hell happened?
Comment: Had a cheeky £5 on spurs to win at 0-1 on the 90th min @29-1. As a Gooner, I have mixed feelings.
Comment: My thoughts (and I’m super biased) is that there should have been about three penalties for spurs before Sheffield even scored. But I’m pretty happy with the effort through the end. And was probably an ok game for a neutral.
Comment: Thought it was over for a second there. Gonna wait for the highlights lol
Comment: Eat shit Sheffield you time wasting cunts. God that felt good to win that game after suffering through their molasses bullshit
Comment: So happy for Richy and love how Ange is instilling confidence in this team despite a pretty frustrating game overall.
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*

Comment: It's great for the league. They're keeping the title race and relegation race exciting.
Comment: I definitely see an Inter-Conte style summer breakdown of relations between Conte and Levy/board this summer. He is not going to get the recruitment he wants (same as at inter) and spurs will probably cash in on Kane (like inter did with Lukaku). Conte will be gone by next season.
Comment: Existence is pain.
Comment: Conte might leave tbh, a quality coach but even he can't help Spurs
Comment: Spurs being spurs
Comment: laughable club 😂😂😂
Comment: Its ze heestory of tottnum
Comment: Evergreen post
Comment: Leeds just got humped. Leeds are the biggest joke. 

Dgaf how much you run… they’re shite.
Comment: That’s why I said you can’t win titles with the way they play. Play scared and beat City every time but it won’t work for the other 36 games.
Comment: Liverpool love Tottenham
Comment: Making the premier league interesting
Comment: At least they defeated City, that's chad in my book. Tottenham is a comical chad.
Comment: That’s just the premier league and why it’s the most amazing/competitive league in the world. 

But yes, it is the history of tottenham (chiellini)
Comment: i wish son had left in the summer, but he fucking played himself.
Comment: Some chap argued with me on a thread how spurs are a top team. I said no team can be called a top team if they haven't won anything. His response is that they are a top team because they have a big following and they will get top 4. I said there is no chance of them getting top 4.

I set a reminder for the end of the season to laugh at him haha
Comment: You had one job spurs…
Comment: Fuck Tottenham, ignore flair btw

Comment: Spurs are my only worry. They have the ability to do us some real damage... With a draw.
Comment: Please fucking smash them
Comment: Gunna be a tough game for Liverpool, spurs are in form and Liverpool played mid week. Hopefully spurs will do the spurs thing and buckle under the pressure of getting into the top 4
Comment: Swear Kane always scores against Liverpool. Also even after our poor recent results I think Chelsea will be well up for the FA cup, especially after how close it was in the league cup and that dodgy offside Lukaku decision, we really should have won that. Plus Madrid have already won the Spanish league, they can rest their players and take it easy until the CL final, whereas every game left for you is massive. All that being said though, what an amazing team those Redmen are, you just can't stop winning. I just don't want you to win the quadruple.
Comment: Liverpool plays either really good at the start and almost bottles it in the second half OR plays really bad in the first half and comes back with a banger in the second. Watching them play gives me anxiety
Comment: cmon Tottenham 😄
Comment: Spurs are so unpredictable, they can either do something like earlier this season on the Etihad, but they can also have losing streaks against low table teams.
This will definitely be a must see game
Comment: Reds - Fucking destroy them please
Comment: Please Liverpool. Just win. I'll back you for the quadruple. Fuck, if you beat Sp\*rs I'll back you to win the sextuple, septuple, whatever and however many trophies you want. Just for the love of god, beat them.
Comment: Come on boys.
Comment: I started working two jobs, if Liverpool beat Spurs I will put all my money into making sure Liverpool win the title. Whether through City sabotage or Liverpool benefit
Comment: Liverpool wont lose another game in the league this year and we are definitely going to slip up as it's been coming for weeks. Domestic Treble is Liverpool's and champions League could go either way, Madrid didn't play that well against us though we just bottled it and didn't take our chances.
Comment: Well I guess I'm a Liverpool fan this weekend. Beat the spurs silly
Comment: Nah. I actually want the Spuds to win. I know, I know, as a Gooner it makes zero sense, especially as both teams are chasing 4th spot. I don’t Liverpool to achieve anything extra special by doing 4 trophies in one season. 

I’ll get my coat.
Comment: I can't wait for Liverpool to end the season with the caribou cup. And maybe the fa cup.
Comment: 6 games left for us in the season every single game is easily winnable apart from the champions league final that real madrid side is just too weird and the game will be chaotic. So hopefully city drop points and the quadruple will go down to the game in Paris

Comment: City’s fee for Porro just went up to €150MM
Comment: Burnley playing for a draw like in the prem. in a game a draw just means a replay. Wtf
Comment: Have Burnley gotten a lower allocation than usual?
Comment: What crybabies those who complain talk about the fa cup in the premier thread
Comment: Fellow fans, this is a friendly reminder to please follow the [Rules](https://www.reddit.com/r/premierleague/about/rules) and [Reddiquette](https://support.reddithelp.com/hc/en-us/articles/205926439-Reddiquette). 

Please also make sure to [Join us on Discord](https://discord.gg/football)


*I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/PremierLeague) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Comment: [deleted]
Comment: Premier League sub...match thread for FA Cup. 

The fuck.

